	Name	Info	Website	Year of foundation	Category	Province	Town
0	1QBit	1QB Information Technologies, Inc. is a quantum computing software company.	http://1qbit.com	 			
1	3 Tier Logic	Provider of digital media marketing technology. The company offers a cloud-based proprietary consumer marketing, data mining and rewards platform.	http://3tierlogic.com/	Founded in 2013			
2	A few data points	We pair companies and non-profits with big ideas with our open community of machine learning and data science enthusiasts to create impactful data science products.	https://afewdatapoints.com/	 			
3	AK Robotics	 	https://www.aandkrobotics.com/	 			
4	Acerta	Acerta analyzes the data from modern vehicles hundreds of sensors and control units that collect data every millisecond, to detect anomalies and predict future failures. Using state of the art machine learning and statistical analysis, we learn a profile of normal vehicle behaviour. We then use this profile to identify emerging vehicle issues. We work with manufacturers and suppliers to improve their products and reduce recalls.	http://aandkrobotics.com	 			
5	Acerta Systems Analytics	Provider of an online data analytics platform. The company offers a Web-based machine intelligence software platform that turns raw machine data into informed decisions.	http://acerta.ca/	Founded in 2015			
6	acquisio	Performance Marketing Solutions for Local Businesses and the Agencies that Serve Them	http://www.acquisio.com	Founded in 2003	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Brossard
7	AcuityAds	AcuityAds is a technology company that enables marketers to connect intelligently with the most meaningful audiences through digital media.	http://www.acuityads.com	Founded in 2009			
8	Ada Support	Ada is a customer support automation company that enables teams to easily leverage machine learning to provide instant answers to their questions in chat.	http://ada.support	 			
9	Advolv	Advolv makes building cost-effective, objective-based, targeted Twitter Ads campaigns as simple as ‘copy and paste.’	http://advolv.com/	 			
10	aerial	Aerial creates technology that understands a person’s movements like never before. They are introducing the next generation of device-free, ambient Indoor Activity Recognition. They build intelligent activity profiles individuals as they interact with wireless signals that already exist in the environment. For the first time, a person’s location, gestures and activities can be turned into a personalized signature as unique as their own fingerprint. Aerial is a revolution in home automation systems that provides a cloud-based, user-oriented, ambient intelligent platform that recognizes and learns people’s activities.	http://www.aerial.ai/	Founded in 2015	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
11	Affinio	Provider of social media analytics. The company operates a marketing intelligence platform that provides graph data analysis to their clients.	http://www.affinio.com/	Founded in 2013			
12	Ai +strategy	AI +strategy offers a range of strategic business AI systems that augment the decision-making process, discover hidden opportunities and leads to greater company performance and profitability. Our AI systems are trained by leading industry experts and grow in capability by machine learning and user feedback. Custom AI solutions are even more capable as they have a feedback loop from the initial strategy to actual real-world results. Over time the AI will become increasingly accurate, resulting in increased performance and greater profitability.	https://aistrategy.co/	Founded in 2016			
13	Aida	Aida is pioneering AI technologies that will transform the customer service industry. By applying advances in machine learning and natural language processing, we empower customer service agents to deliver faster and better service. The high volume of knowledge and content created through conversation with customers is incredibly valuable. Aida’s mission is to make that knowledge easily accessible through an AI-powered interaction model.	http://helloaida.io/	 			
14	aimetis	Aimetis, a Senstar company, is a software company offering integrated intelligent video management solutions for security surveillance and business intelligence applications.	http://www.aimetis.com/	Founded in 2003			
15	Airy3D	Optical modification of standard CMOS sensors to provide simulatneous 2D and 3D (depth) images from a single sensor. Partnering with several major camera manufacturers.	http://www.airy3d.com/	 	Vidéo 3D / Réalité virtuelle/augmentée	QC	Montréal
16	Aislelabs	Provider of a data analytics platform for retailers. The company provides a platform designed to increase retail sales through big data analytics. Its cloud platform enables creation of automated campaigns as well as visibility across stores and actionable insights on customer behavior inside and outside retailers' stores.	http://www.aislelabs.com/	 			
17	Aiva Labs	Aiva lets small businesses and marketers easily create intelligent call to action campaigns on their website that get better at converting customers.	https://aivalabs.com/	 			
18	AIWorx	"applied research lab specialised in deep learning applied to ""industrial, space and defense"" needs"	http://novasyst.com/	Founded in 2011	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Québec
19	AIworx	"AIworx uses artificial intelligence to&nbsp;help you generate data, understand what’s hidden in it and act on it to unlock its potential.</p>"	aiworx.com	 			
20	Alexis AI	Alexis is your personal travel buddy, listening to you, helping you plan your travel, or suggesting travel options.	http://www.alexis.ai	 			
21	Algocian	Provider of a cloud-based video analytics platform. The company provides an image recognition technology that offers detection for smart home security monitoring and enables machine learning video analytics at the camera endpoint.	http://algocian.com/	Founded in 2015			
22	Algolux - Computational Imaging	Smart Optimization for Vision Systems	https://algolux.com/about/	Founded in 2016	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent	QC	Montréal
23	Allocadia Software	Provider of cloud based marketing software. The company helps marketers plan, budget, analyze and optimize return on investment by connecting to customer relationship management, finance, social media, resource management, and marketing automation systems.	https://www.allocadia.com/	Founded in 2015			
24	Ametros Learning	Ametros develops and markets intelligent, adaptive, and experiential digital learning tools.	https://ametroslearning.com/	Founded in 2016			
25	Ampify	We at Ampify are creating what we call an intelligent multi channel management platform. Our goal is to enable businesses to create, manage and target their ever growing distributed digital presence with the assistance of artificial intelligence. Ampify provides a single user with the power of a sophisticated multi channel marketing team.	http://signup.ampify.xyz	 			
26	Analytics 4 Life	Developing non-invasive, machine-learned medical imaging solutions on A4L's proprietary artificial intelligence platftorm, Agilyticsâ„¢	https://www.analytics4life.com/	Founded in 2016			
27	Angoss software	Angoss is a global leader in delivering predictive analytics to businesses looking to improve performance across risk, marketing and sales. With a suite of desktop, client-server and big data analytics software products and cloud solutions, Angoss delivers powerful approaches to turn information into actionable business decisions and competitive advantage. Many of the world’s leading financial services, insurance, telecommunications, retail, high tech, and healthcare organizations use Angoss predictive analytics software products and solutions to grow revenue, increase sales productivity and improve marketing effectiveness while reducing risk and cost.	http://www.angoss.com/	Founded in 2011			
28	Applied Brain Research	Makers of the world's first neuromorphic AI compiler (Nengo) and the world's largest functional brain model (Spaun).	http://appliedbrainresearch.com/	Founded in 2014			
29	ApSTAT Technologies	 	http://www.apstat.com/fr/index.php	 	Holding	QC	Montréal
30	ARA robotique	ARA Robotics is a Montreal-based company which develops an innovative, efficient UAV autopilot for industrial and commercial applications. ARA Robotics offers a variety of consulting and technological development services, all with innovation at its core basis. Their aim to establish a relation based on trust and reliability with our customers, this is why they created Business Solutions, a program of diverse expert consulting services to precisely meet enterprises’ professional needs. ARA Robotics’s Business Solution allows the company to develop customized aerial robotic solutions, adapted to each client’s specific needs. These solutions consist of equipment loans, custom-made UAS conception, sensors integration, payload integration, access to an API, advanced control algorithms development depending on the type of desired navigation.	http://ara-uas.com/	Founded in 2014	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
31	arcbees	Consulting and app, web and/or software development services for businesses looking to offer quality applications to their clients.	http://www.arcbees.com/	Founded in 2010	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Québec
32	Ark Paradigm	Ark Paradigm is regulatory intelligence service for those who need to report financial material free of errors and omissions.	http://www.arkparadigm.com/	Founded in 2015			
33	ars technologies	"project in a new area, outside of the mainstream products of ars technologies; distinguishing feature of the robot - voice input (recognition), voice output (syntheses), with artificial intelligence like scripted command/response; hardware features - flat surface movement, autonomous, wireless charging, grip, distance measurement, audio input &amp; output, video input, image output, orientation software features - interaction with a host, computer vision, speech syntheses, speech recognition, emotions display"	http://arstech.com/install/	 			
34	artiste-qb.net	Current chip technology approaches the limit when unwanted quantum effects such as leak currents can no longer be controlled. Quantum computing on the other hand leverages counter-intuitive quantum effects for superior computational performance far beyond conventional hardware.	artiste-qb.net	 			
35	Arvik Innovative Solutions	We are building a world-class mobile solution, enabling Entities (Individuals and Organizations) to effectively divulge pertinent information to their consumers and stakeholders.	https://www.arvikinnovation.com/	 			
36	Arvizio	"mixed reality (AR &amp; MR) tech to enhance your business &amp; enable you to tackle challenging problems via shared experience."	http://www.arvizio.io	Founded in 2016			
37	Askuity	Provider of retail analytics software. The company provides a retail analytics platform that combines cloud-based big data processing with analytics and mobile technology to enable product companies to grow and optimize their retail business (in terms of sales, marketing and supply chain) both in store and online outcomes.	https://www.askuity.com/	Founded in 2016			
38	Athlete Builder	Athlete development and training has changed in many ways over the last decade. However, the principles that define a great athlete have not. Heart, desire, drive and determination are still key to unlocking an athlete’s potential. Athlete Builder is the next step in the evolution of Sports Education. Not just because of what it offers. But because of what it enables coaches and players to do.	https://www.athletebuilder.com	Founded in 2015			
39	Atlants Embedded	Embedded technology combining signal processing with the best machine learning algorithms for your products	http://atlantsembedded.com	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
40	Atomic Reach	Provider of a content marketing platform for brands and bloggers. The company provides an intelligent writing platform with real-time, insights-based feedback to maximize content performance. It uses advanced mathematics, linguistic analysis and machine learning technology to identify and measure the impact of language on marketing communications.	https://www.atomicreach.com/	Founded in 2010			
41	Automat	Automat is helping companies use AI to talk to their customers, to understand them and serve them better. We're the first Conversational Marketing platform powered by artificial intelligence and we believe in a world where every company can have a personalized one-on-one conversation with every customer, fan, and follower.	http://www.automat.ai/	Founded in 2017	Agent conversationnel	QC	Montréal
42	Auvenir	Auvenir is on a mission to enable a Smarter Audit. Auvenir was created to help small and medium sized practitioners provide a better financial audit experience for their clients. We are a technology-forward company with deep experience in the accounting and audit world.	https://auvenir.com/	Founded in 2016			
43	Avant Garde Solutions	Avant-Garde has carved itself a niche through sound software consulting, efficient IT project management and effective end-user training services. We specialize in developing solutions in web-enabled, client/server, Big Data, RDBMS and ERP environments. From conceptualization to completion, we assist you in each step of the project with a full range of IT services. Our solutions provide you sustained IT support, enabling you to concentrate on your core competencies and mission-critical business strategies. We help you improve productivity, streamline operations and enhance performance. And in turn, help you be the leader you are.	http://avantgs.com/	 			
44	Avanteo Consulting	Avanteo Consulting provides digital health innovation and business strategy services that enable life sciences, software and health technology companies to transform healthcare challenges into positive real-world outcomes, provide added quality and efficiency to stakeholders, and maximize business opportunities and leadership.	https://www.avanteoconsulting.com/	Founded in 2015	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
45	Awake Labs	Awake Labs is building a platform to measure anxiety in real-time to support care for neurological disorders, starting with autism	http://www.awakelabs.com/	Founded in 2016			
46	Awakedata Labs	"Big Data Analytics Platform : Real-Time, Cloud-Based artificial intelligence for making real-time good business decisions. ; Big Data Visualization : Visualization will help data scientists understand what techniques might be best used and will help decision makers to see analytics presented visually. ; Video Image Analysis :The combination of deep learning and distributed computing to generate highly consistent and accurate results of the analysis in real-time. ; Internet of Things : Using IoT-based predictive analytics technologies to monitor connected machines and to predict machine degradation, and further to prevent potential failures."	http://www.awakedata.com/	 			
47	Awesense	Developer of a grid analytics and IoT platform intended to reduce non-technical losses. The company's grid analytics and IoT platform uses machine learning and analyzes electric grid losses and target theft, non-technical losses and other power drain, enabling utility companies to improve efficiency and increase safety.	https://www.awesense.com/	Founded in 2009			
48	Bay3000	project management training toronto, business analysis certification	https://bay3000.com/	 			
49	Beagle.ai	Provider of a technological system for reading contracts. The company uses artificial intelligence to read contracts, highlight key information and provide immediate understanding which allows both internal and external stakeholders to negotiate in real-time.	http://beagle.ai/	Founded in 2013			
50	Beanworks Solutions	Beanworks is a highly configurable, multi-company, accounting platform starting with our payables invoice processing application. We help reduce processing costs for mid-sized companies by automating expensive paper based manual processes currently in place in most companies. We smooth the path, remove the waste, and automate the workflow by marrying the filing cabinet with the accounting software.	https://www.beanworks.com/	 			
51	Beheld Technologies	Beheld is the new infrastructure for the arts industry. We provide one platform for artist, galleries and collectors to seamlessly interact and efficiently transact.	https://www.direct2artist.com/	 			
52	BenchSci	BenchSci is a machine learning platform that helps biomedical researchers find the best biological compounds for their experiments.	https://www.benchsci.com/	 			
53	Bernie A.I.	"Bernie A.I. is a personal matchmaker assistant. Bernie frees users' time by learning who they find attractive, and then works in the background to find genuine, interested matches on their favorite dating networks. Bernie uses a blend of facial recognition and neural networks to learn the ""type"" of person the user wants, and ensures the interest is mutual by sparking the conversation."	http://www.bernie.ai/	 			
54	Bigterminal	 	https://beta.bigterminal.com/	 			
55	Bio Conscious Tech - Docto	Docto is an app for Type I Diabetic kids and their parents to better manage blood glucose by seeing future values hours ahead of time.	http://www.docto.me/	 			
56	BioMindR	Developer of wireless signals and machine learning techniques designed to reshape biosignal monitoring for wearables. The company leverages wireless signals and machine learning to develop a contact-free, accurate and power efficient bio-signals sensing platform enabling athletes, coaches and clinicians to continuously monitor and better approach their hydration, glucose and fluid levels.	https://www.biomindr.com/	Founded in 2016	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
57	Bionic Labs	Bionic Labs Inc. is defining the future of identity verification and shopping experience, creating integrated software and hardware	http://www.bioniklabs.com	Founded in 2013			
58	Blackcat Informatics Inc.	Bespoke high performance computing and management consulting.	https://blackcatinformatics.ca/about/	Founded in 2014			
59	Blanc Labs	Blanc Labs offers professional services in agile prototyping, software engineering, and UX/UI. We partner with SME and enterprise-level clients to solve their business problems and help our clients with rapid prototyping, process automation, and cost savings.	http://blanclabs.com/	 			
60	Blockchain group	Blockchain Intelligence Group “BIG” headquartered in Vancouver, BC, Canada, has developed a Blockchain search engine with data processing and big data analytics. BIG plans to provide its Blockchain search products to large enterprise with significant data requirements in the financial, and eCommerce sectors globally.	https://blockchaingroup.io/	 			
61	Blockstream	"Blockstream is FinTech company that works to accelerate innovation in crypto currencies, open assets, and smart contracts.Its products include elements, an open-source platform for building and testing applications; and liquid, which is designed for bitcoin exchanges and high-speed transactions."	https://blockstream.com/	Founded in 2014	Chaîne de blocs	QC	Montréal
62	Bloomchat	BloomChat is a platform that connects you to your favourite local businesses through instant messaging. With BloomChat, you can message any business around you and receive a response in a few minutes.	https://www.facebook.com/bloomchat/	 			
63	Blue ice cloud	 	http://www.blueicecloud.com/	 			
64	Blue J Legal	TurboTax for the grey areas of tax law	http://www.bluejlegal.com/	 			
65	BlueDot	Provider of healthcare technologies for the clinical medicine and public health industries. The company offers technologies with big data analytics and visualization tools that help decision-makers prepare for and respond to infectious diseases.	https://bluedot.global/	Founded in 2008			
66	Bluewrist	Bluewrist offers innovative industrial automation solutions and products in the areas of robotics and machine vision. We strive to meet our customers' expectations to increase their efficiency, improve their production quality and reduce their operating costs through our leading technology, high technical performance, solution validation in production environments, competitive pricing and highly effective customer support.	http://bluewrist.com/	 			
67	Boardee	Boardee is a mobile app to save time for those who have a busy life yet still wants to be in the known at where they live or work. Boardee pulls multiple data sources and categorize them by distance and interests. User can quickly sort out interested information by couple of clicks(like Flipboard), or subscribe to a particular trigger such as distance, category or keyword then wait for notification(like IFTTT). This dynamic platform allows users to contribute contents, reply and like to help rank value of information. By combining location based information and social network features, we are providing a engaging platform for people to communicate. For example, people can find out events happening in campus, post lost and found pets in community or discuss neighborhood safety topics. Boardee also provide access for marketer to precise target their customers based on users location and interests, this will save printing unnecessary amount of flyers.	http://www.boardee.com/	Founded in 2016	X	X	X
68	bobsweep	bObsweep provides you with the best automatic floor cleaning vacuum and mop	http://www.bobsweep.com/	 			
69	Bookmark	Bookmark.com is a website creation tool for non-technical people. Our simple, drag-and-drop technology makes creating a professional website fast, easy and fun. Bookmark offers full online e-learning courses to enhance your business or career on the internet as well as a community forum where users can ask questions. We're different because Bookmark offers a number of fully functional web page sections that are typical to most websites such as content layouts, event registration, about us, testimonials, photo gallery and more. These sections called “Focus” are further customizable. Bottom line: even a newcomer with no coding experience can create a beautiful, fully functional website in very little time.	http://bookmark.com	Founded in 2014			
70	Bootkik	Bootkik is the world’s first entrepreneur-centric learning platform.</p>	https://www.bootkik.com	 			
71	Botler	An artificially intelligent immigration assistant.	https://botler.ai/	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
72	breaking data corp	We are a team of 20, with deep experience in mobile search, advertising and carrier-grade messaging solutions.	http://www.breakingdatacorp.com/	Founded in 2016			
73	BubbleHR	A next generation applicant tracking system (ATS) that empowers both parties to comprehensively demonstrate value prior to the interview.	http://www.bubblehr.com/	Founded in 2016			
74	BubbleHR	Powering informed and insightful hiring decisions by re-creating  the interview experience online.</p>	http://bubblehr.com/	 			
75	Bump	Bump is a location-based social music app that uses artificial intelligence and proximity networking to revolutionize music listening and social experiences. It's the tinder for music with the disappearing nature of Snapchat, allowing people to connect like never before. Users can create or join events, choose what music should be played, and vote either on what’s currently playing in real-time or on other users’ song selections via an intuitive swipe gesture. If the majority input that they don’t like the current song or they’re ready for something new (down-vote), Bump automatically advances to the next song determined by proprietary algorithms backed by machine learning. Everyone’s favourite music represents little pieces of them. When people get together, Bump allows these pieces to be connected and shared.	https://bump.social	 	X	X	X
76	C2RO	"C2RO is a cloud-based software robotics platform to offer real-time robotic vision &amp; multi-robot collaboration modules as SaaS for robots."	http://www.c2ro.com	Founded in 2016	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
77	C2RO Cloud Robotics	 	www.c2ro.com	 			
78	CadenceBot	CadenceBot helps your team move faster by organizing code reviews.	https://cadencebot.com	 			
79	Cadens Medical Imaging	The company has a leading position in computer-assisted medical imaging and provides software solutions facilitating image diagnosis.	http://www.cadensimaging.com/	 	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal / Granby
80	Canopy Labs	Provider of lead optimization tools and customer models. The company enables businesses to understand customer feedback, decrease customer churn, increase customer lifetime value and deliver a personalized sales experience.	https://canopylabs.com/	Founded in 2012			
81	Caspy	Caspy is an AI Powered Chrome Extension. It mutes Inbox noise to help you stay on top of your important emails.	http://caspy.com/	Founded in 2016			
82	cassia	Cassia Research believes that seat belts shouldn't just be sold with Rolls-Royces, yet when it comes to investing, risk management is only available to investors with more than $10M. We help investment advisors pinpoint risk in real-time, and conquer market volatility by giving them the same tools used by the largest and smartest hedge funds. With risk forecasting, risk targeting, and volatility position sizing, readily available on the cloud, Cassia becomes every advisor's Chief Risk Officer, at a fraction of the cost.	https://www.cassia-research.com	Founded in 2014			
83	Cerebri AI	Cerebri AI provides AI and machine learning solutions to help enterprises grow top line revenues by giving them a 1:1 relationship with their customers. We do this by processing internal and external customer data, and by determining the dollar value a customer places on the “value” of a vendor, products, assets, etc. We also monetize a critical variable in any revenue situation, the customer’s ability to pay, so things such as up-selling opportunities can be clearly scoped and delivered.	http://cerebri.com	Founded in 2015			
84	Certimail	"Web based Canadian Antispam Law Conformity application for small &amp; medium enterprises"	http://www.certimail.ca	Founded in 2013	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
85	Certn	Certn is the new standard in risk management tools for credit issuers and property managers to effectively evaluate their clients.	http://www.certn.co	Founded in 2016			
86	Chatkit	Provider of an artificial intelligence shopping assistant platform. The company using an online platform measures customer engagement on various messaging channels and effectiveness of various products in the market.	https://chatkit.com/	Founded in 2016			
87	Chillwall	Chillwall.com is a global social community for discovering and sharing local events in two clicks from local yoga classes to festivals.	https://chillwall.com/	Founded in 2014			
88	Churn Data	Machine learning, Analytics and Data Science consulting... using bleeding edge Machine learning techniques including Deep learning, Neural nets, Random Forest, Boosted trees, Support vector machine etc.	http://www.churndata.com	 			
89	CityZeen Inc	CityZeen™ platform is an Digital Identity for people. We work on a cognitive and sensitive interface to empower people. Our solution is an amazing experience to help you to manage an inestimable quantity of data in only a few seconds, delivering valuable information for your decision-making process. At CityZeen™ we support our members to improve reputation, value, and deliver a handy tool for personal insights.	http://www.cityzeen.co/	Founded in 2015			
90	Clarifai	Sophisticated machine learning to classify images/videos.</p>	https://clarifai.com/	 			
91	clearpath robotics	Clearpath provides self-driving vehicle technology and services to over 500 of the world’s most innova-tive brands. Proprietary hardware, software, and services are delivered through the company’s industrial and research divisions: Clearpath Robotics and OTTO Motors. Visit www.clearpath.ai for more information.	https://www.clearpathrobotics.com/	Founded in 2009			
92	Cloudburst marketing	Inbound marketing is a holistic methodology for online marketing with the core objective of lead generation. Marketing automation software is used to facilitate the methodology. Any B2B company with a sales team that relies on lead generation through its website will benefit from applying the inbound methodology.	http://www.cloudburstmarketing.ca/	 			
93	Cluep	Cluep is an artificially intelligent mobile ad-tech platform that helps brands connect with people emotionally through artificial intelligence. Powered by a patented text analysis and location intelligence engine, brands can target people based on what they are sharing on social media, how they are feeling and where they have been.	http://cluep.com	Founded in 2012			
94	Code of Law	Code of Law pulls the overhead out of making contracts, so lawyers can focus their attention on what matters. It makes onboarding new lawyers easier and contract writing for experienced lawyers faster.	http://codeoflaw.tech	 			
95	Cogilex Research and Development	Cogilex is a technology innovation company that specializes in the research and development of natural language processing (NLP) methods and tools for real-world applications such as search engines, text mining, and information extraction systems. Through a solid research program and deep expertise in the field, Cogilex has provided customized tools and services to its industrial partners worldwide.	http://cogilex.com	Founded in 1998	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
96	CognitiveChem	"Chemistry has improved our quality of life and made thousands of products possible. Unfortunately, this achievement has come at a price: our collective human health and the global environment are threatened. CognitiveChem aims to change that by providing cloud-based software to help chemists discover greener chemicals. We take the same artificial intelligence breakthroughs that power self-driving cars and online search and use it to empower the chemistry community in discovering novel organic molecules, reactions and synthetic pathways. The result is substantially fewer experiments &amp; greener chemicals, faster."	http://cognitivechem.com	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
97	CognitiveVR	Developer of 3D spatial analytics and user feedback tools designed to help organizations to quickly and easily display analytics on their users' sessions and collect deep metrics on users behavior and feedback. The company's 3D spatial analytics and user feedback tools offers enterprise grade data analytic, insights and analytic tools such as heat mapping, A/B testing and segmentation and measures user behavior, engagement and entertainment value, enabling organizations to collect users feedback.ngmail.co	http://cognitivevr.co/	Founded in 2015			
98	ColorXTC	The DPP solution provides printers and their prepress to efficiently and cost-effectively align presswork and proofs. The result is reduced make-ready times with less cost and wastage with all the stakeholders in the print production chain (printers, prepress, designers and brand owners) being able to monitor and confirm that print performance meets expectations.Instead of costly, dedicated, press fingerprinting the DPP solution gets the data needed to align press and proof during actual production press runs. Live production presswork is a profile of your actual day-to-day printing and so the data it provides is a more realistic and effective basis for building profiles to drive your press.	http://www.colorxtc.com	 			
99	Community Sift	"Cyber-bullying, vulgarity, public threat, exploitative behaviour; these are just some of the major problems for today's social web. By using Community Sift, our clients find the solutions to these and many other issues that plague their online communities. Our world-class tools are born out of nearly 20 years of industry experience. Backed by global research, we provide the underlying engine that makes today's social sites thrive. Our SaaS-based products disrupt current moderation practices by adding trust, context and sentiment to deeply enhance a company’s ability to grow their community and keep their users safe, happy and engaged. Community Sift combines machine learning with over a million human-reviewed markers, in 58 languages, to process billions of messages daily. Built on decades of battle-tested experience, our robust API is an out-of-the-box ready and completely scalable solution for today’s social web."	http://communitysift.com	 			
100	Consensus	Consensus is a system of collective governance, democracy upgraded for the modern age. It aims to build a better decision making tools and processes to run a country through the application of machine learning principles.	http://consensus.ai	Founded in 2016			
101	Contextere	Contextere is an Internet of Things (IOT) software company. They are delivering the 21st century industrial workforce using machine learning and intelligent context.	http://contextere.com	Founded in 2017			
102	Contextual Genomics	 	www.contextualgenomics.com	 			
103	Contiq	Contiq is on a quest to radically simplify and speed the complex experience of creating effective enterprise sales and marketing content that performs. We are creating a truly differentiated product which pushes the boundaries of what is possible with great software engineering, machine learning / deep learning algorithms and great UX.	http://www.contiq.com	Founded in 2016			
104	Copypants	Copypants automates monitoring, protection and monetization of copyrighted works online through a radical new approach to image searching and matching. Our monetization platform for photographers and graphic designers is enforced by creating transparency in the online ecosystem. We provide a list of all the places where a creator’s work is found as well as the ability to send a licensing request or a takedown notice with one click.	http://www.copypants.com	Founded in 2015			
105	Corporate IQ Solutions Inc.	An unpredictable workforce puts business continuity at risk. Are YOU capturing corporate memory?	https://www.ciq.cloud	Founded in 2016			
106	corstem	Corstem is a Montreal-based artificial intelligence software developer specialized in real-time medical data analysis and computer vision. Its AI-powered tools are setting the standard in dynamic cardiac analysis. Corstem enables a whole new level of efficiency and automation for diagnosis aid to save valuable physician and patient time.	http://corstem.ai/	Founded in 2016	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
107	Coveo	Coveo changes the world of work by upskilling people through search	http://www.coveo.com	Founded in 2005	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
108	crea.vision	Siloed technology has created disconnected interactions that make life more complicated than it should be. Our groundbreaking AI platform signals the arrival of a new user experience. Taking the Calm technology principles of non-intrusive technology to the next level, we deliver an experience in which technology serves you rather than you serving it.	http://www.crea.vision	 			
109	creaform	Creaform conçoit, fabrique et met en marché des technologies de mesure 3D portables, en plus de se spécialiser en services d’ingénierie 3D. L’entreprise offre des solutions novatrices dont la numérisation 3D, la rétroingénierie, le contrôle de la qualité, le contrôle non destructif, le développement de produit et la simulation. Ses produits et services s’adressent à une multitude de secteurs, dont l’automobile, l’aérospatiale, l’éducation et la recherche, la fabrication, l’industrie lourde, l’industrie pétrolière et gazière, la fabrication, la production d’énergie, les produits de consommation et les soins de santé.	https://www.creaform3d.com/en	 			
110	crosswing	"CrossWing operates R&amp;D lab developing innovative intellectual property enabling mass market Interactive Personal Robotics systems."	http://www.crosswing.com/	Founded in 2006			
111	Crowdcare	CrowdCare's Wysdom solution is the world’s most advanced AI based Digital Care product for connected devices. The Wysdom solution helps mobile carriers and IoT providers drastically increase customer satisfaction and lower customer service costs by delivering a great self-care experience directly to subscirbers.	http://crowdcare.com/	Founded in 2012			
112	Crowdsourced Testing	Founded by software testing company QA on Request, the Crowdsourced Testing company manages a fully automated crowdsourcing platform that connects web and software developers with expert software testers around the world.	https://crowdsourcedtesting.com	Founded in 2012	Assurance qualité	QC	Montréal
113	Crystal Cam Imaging	Crystal Cam Imaging, Inc. focuses on the manufacture and sales of remote underwater inspection cameras.	http://www.crystalcam.ca/contacts/	 			
114	CSI Flex	"Analytics &amp; Machine Learning for Manufacturing Equipment"	http://www.csiflex.com/	Founded in 2016	Analytiques industriels	QC	Montréal
115	Culturalite	Culturalite is a platform curating the world's cultural information on a daily basis.	http://www.culturalitemedia.com/	Founded in 2011			
116	Curatio	Curatio puts empowerment in the hands of the patient. We work across disease states to personalize the process of getting better. We deliver engagement and long-lasting connections. Our social health platform is a mobile SaaS solution that delivers private, disease-based peer networks and personalized health monitoring tools. The results are improved health outcomes for patients, increased medication and care plan adherence for doctors and pharmaceuticals, and systems cost savings for hospitals and payers.	https://curatio.me/	 			
117	Curiato Inc.	Curiato’s Pressure Redistribution System, Ceylon Systems, can prevent bedsores from occurring and improve patient care quality dramatically. Our patent pending approach is a combination of a smart mattress and patient management interface. The smart mattress actively detects the formation of possible bedsores by sensing temperature, pressure and humidity and comparing these readings with historical patient data. The information is then transferred to our patient management interface, where the data is stored, analyzed and visualized to present dynamic scheduling, vital care notifications and real time analysis. Leveraging Internet of Things technology, cloud computing, predictive analytics and artificial intelligence, Ceylon Systems is able to predict the formation of a possible bedsore and readjust the pressure to alleviate areas at high risk, while simultaneously notifying nurses of the changes to mitigate the risk.	http://curiato.com	Founded in 2016			
118	Cyclica	Developer of silico drug discovery and testing technologies using integrated biological data. The company offers a predictive analytics platform, which reduces the failure risk of drug discovery projects by allowing partners and clients to anticipate a drug candidate's safety profile prior to clinical trials by analyzing potential toxic events and side effects due to off-target interactions with therapeutic candidates. The company's platform generates a list of putative ligand-protein interactions by searching through a large proprietary database of all available structurally characterized proteins, and can be used to determine the molecular targets of drugs, to prioritize drug leads, to identify possible unknown side effects, and to support drug re-purposing.	https://cyclicarx.com/	Founded in 2010			
119	D-Wave Systems	We build super quantum computer that does not lag.	https://www.dwavesys.com	 			
120	Daisy Intelligence Corporation	Daisy Intelligence Corporation a Canadian-based artificial intelligence software-as-a-service company.	http://www.daisyintelligence.com/	Founded in 2003			
121	DarkVision	DarkVision Technologies Inc. was founded in 2013 by a group of experienced entrepreneurs that have expertise and a track record in developing and commercializing imaging technologies. The company has developed a new ultrasound-based imaging technology used to image the inside of oil and gas wells. With a clear picture of the inner working of their wells, oil and gas operators can make smart decisions that reduce operating costs, increase production, improve well integrity and minimize environmental impacts. Unlike camera technologies, DarkVision’s high resolution ultrasound imaging system is able to image through opaque fluids that have inhibited the widespread use of cameras and optics as a downhole diagnostics tool.	http://www.darkvisiontech.com	Founded in 2013			
122	darwinAI	DarwinAI's patent-pending AI-building engine automatically builds optimized deep learning AI solutions based on your needs, from cloud computing to edge computing	http://www.darwinai.ml/	 			
123	Datachili	At Datachili, we believe that working with data should be as easy as ordering a cup of coffee. 2.5 billion GB of data is generated everyday, and a lot of time and effort is spent preparing this data before unlocking any insight. Datachili is an agile software platform for data preparation and manipulation that dramatically reduces the time to insight by up to 80%. Our platform utilizes machine learning to reduce burden on end-users. Additionally, our proprietary technology enables all stakeholders to participate in this process resulting a much faster turn around for Ad Hoc requests. Think about moving from MS-DOS to Windows- from legacy software to Datachili. Enterprises use our platform to prepare customer data to obtain an accurate, organized and a 360 degree view of their customers.	http://datachili.com	Founded in 2016			
124	datacracy.io	The first global sustainability intelligence ecosystem that is aimed at enabling enterprises and governments around the world to reach SDGs.	http://datacracy.io/	Founded in 2016			
125	Datacratic	Datacratic, an iPerceptions company, is a leader in providing audience data solutions for enterprise brands.	http://www.datacratic.com	Founded in 2010	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
126	DataMillions	DataMillions develops innovative technology optimizing home buying experience and adding value to properties selling process. We works with real estate board, open government, crowd-sourcing and other business partners to provide insightful and actionable information for real estate agents and home owners.	http://datamillions.com	 			
127	Dataperformers	Dataperformers offers its users with artificial intelligence solutions for real-world problems. Using advanced computer vision techniques and tools the company is able to build systems that can have high-level understanding from graphic contents. The company helps its users to invent and design intelligent systems to tackle their business challenges.	http://dataperformers.com/	Founded in 2013	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
128	Deep Genomics	Developer of machine learning technologies to transform precision medicine, genetic testing, diagnostics and the development of therapies. The company's machine learning technologies are new generation of computational technologies that predict what will happen within a cell when DNA is altered by genetic variation, whether natural or therapeutic, enabling researchers to avail predicted molecular effects of genetic variation.	https://www.deepgenomics.com/	Founded in 2014			
129	deep pixel	DeepPIXEL offers tools and technology solutions that enable its customers to build artificial intelligence bots for customer service and sales. DeepPIXEL offers solutions that feature API integration and creation of automated messages which are based on the frequently asked questions. Its solutions are able to integrate with both public and private clouds and CRM tools such as Salesforce, Zendesk, and freshdesk.	http://www.deeppixel.ai/	Founded in 2016			
130	Deep vision	Deep Vision specialises in developing real-time, intelligent machine perception technology. Deep Vision's unique and proprietary technology enables systems or devices to detect, recognise, and interpret objects and events, in their environment. With blazing speed.	http://www.deepvision.ca/	 			
131	DeepDiagnostics	Deep Diagnostics is developing the world's most advanced tools to save clinicians time and cognitive effort, improving patient outcomes while reducing costs.	http://deepdiagnostics.com/	Founded in 2014			
132	deeplearni.ng	DeepLearni.ng helps leaders bring the power of AI to their businesses. Our high impact engagements liberate business people from the constraints of large enterprise IT systems, allowing them to focus on supercharging their processes with machine learning.	http://DeepLearni.ng	 			
133	Deepnify	Deepnify helps manufacturers reduce inventory and grow their bottom line with the world's most accurate demand forecasting technology.</p>	deepnify.com	 			
134	DeepPixel	Next generation Cognitive Engine for Natural Language Applications</p>	http://www.deeppixel.ai/	 			
135	DeepSubconscious.ai Inc. 	DeepSubconscious.ai is dedicated to creating an order of magnitude improvement and new standard around the world for mental and physiological health care. Leveraging neuroscience, deep positive psychology and deep physiology, our proprietary content and platform ultimately helps people rapidly achieve happiness, health and higher performance.</p>	www.deepsubconscious.ai 	 			
136	Delve Labs	Developer of autonomous security solutions software. The company develops an autonomous security solutions software. The company's product is an AI-based vulnerability assessment solution that makes it possible to cover over a million assets without increasing human workforce.	https://www.delvelabs.ca/	Founded in 2014	Cybersécurité	QC	Montréal
137	Denote	Denote is a smart, fully managed and customizable search solution for websites and applications.	http://denote.io/	Founded in 2013			
138	desmahealth	 	https://www.desmahealth.com/index.html	 	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
139	Destin AI	Destin.ai is your best artificially & emotionally intelligent virtual immigration advisor in Canada.</p>	https://www.destin.ai/	 			
140	Dextraseo	 	http://www.dextraseo.com	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
141	Dialog	Dialogue is a telemedicine platform that enhances the healthcare system by providing access to quality care.	https://dialoganalytics.com	Founded in 2016	Agent conversationnel	QC	Québec
142	Dialog inisght	Dialog Insight fournit des solutions pour la gestion de campagnes de marketing par courriel et de relation client. Personnalisez les interactions avec vos clients.	https://www.dialoginsight.com/	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Québec
143	Diligen	"Diligen was designed specifically to deal with the challenges of due diligence for M&amp;A and corporate finance transactions at larger law firms. Diligen streamlines your diligence by combining automatic contract review with collaborative project management. Using the latest machine learning algorithms, it reviews thousands of complex documents at a time, rapidly extracting key provisions with pinpoint accuracy. It allows you to assign documents and track progress with ease, even if the transaction is being worked on by multiple offices across the globe."	http://www.diligensoftware.com	 			
144	Disrupted Logic	Big Data and Artificial Intelligence for Interactive Media Experiences	http://www.disruptedlogic.com	Founded in 2012			
145	Distill Analytics*	 	http://www.distillanalytics.ca	 			
146	DocPod Corp	Medical artificial intelligence for better patient care	http://www.docpod.com	Founded in 2013			
147	dooly	Dooly is a notes software that optimises sales team's operations.	http://www.dooly.ai	Founded in 2016			
148	Earbit	Earbits provides 100% commercial-free, online radio, with no listener subscription fees. Choose from over 400 stations of music, hand picked and curated by a team of music editors. Available worldwide on the web and on Android.	https://www.myearbit.com/	Founded in 2010			
149	Echoo	Echoo provides a smart collaborative time management platform to enable each to be more smart on managing their leaning and growth collaboratively and socially.	http://www.echoolab.com	 			
150	Ecoation	 	http://ecoation.com	 			
151	Ecopia Tech	Developer of a data agnostic visual recognition engine designed to transform imagery into insights. The company's data agnostic visual recognition engine combines proprietary algorithms with leading computer vision techniques and advanced GPU computing to extract earth insight relatively fast.	http://www.ecopiatech.com	Founded in 2013			
152	ECTOgroup Canada	 	https://ecto.ai	 			
153	Eigen Innovations	Eigen Innovations provides solutions that combine the data being produced by traditional Operational Technology running within industrial environments with Information Technology that uses cloud-based computing and advanced data science. This convergence creates unique opportunities for significant process efficiency gains within industrial manufacturing.	http://www.eigeninnovations.com/	Founded in 2012			
154	Eirene Property Solutions	 	 	 			
155	Electric Brain	Electric Brain makes an easy to use platform for end to end machine learning. We aim to make machine learning accessible to everyone by increasing efficiency for experts and usability for everyone else.	https://www.electricbrain.io/	 			
156	Element AI	Provider of artificial intelligence services. The company launches and incubates advanced Artificial Intelligence products in partnership with large corporations and research institutions. It offers a platform that helps organizations embrace an AI-First strategy. It identifies projects and founded spin-off companies and joint ventures.	http://www.elementai.com	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
157	elucid labs	 	http://www.elucidlabs.com/	 			
158	EMAGIN	Founded in 1996, eMagin dedicated themselves to delivering high-quality, high-resolution video and data information in virtually any environment. As Organic LED technology came into existence, eMagin saw an opportunity to develop cutting-edge displays in head-worn systems for military, law enforcement, medical, entertainment and other applications.	http://www.emagin.ca	Founded in 1996			
159	EMAGIN	Our mission is to accelerate digitization of the water sector. By introducing artificial intelligence into the water sector, we're enabling utilities and industrial users to shift the paradigm of their operations from reactively responding to issues to proactively managing them.<br></p>	http://emagin.ca/	 			
160	Embark (Varden Labs)	Developer of self-driving vehicles created to provide effective transportation. The company's self-driven vehicles utilize a highway autopilot, machine learning, high resolution cameras and high-end sensors to maneuver at high speed and through bad weather conditions, enabling drivers to rest while the vehicle is on the highway and regain control when approaching cities or towns.	http://vardenlabs.com/	Founded in 2015			
161	engineering beyond	 	http://www.engineeringbeyond.ca/	 			
162	envision.ai	"Videopixx: Analysis of videos and image data sets to automatically classify images in terms of quality ranking, according to preferences defined by the user. Such preferences include ""clickability"", ""shareability"", ""likeability"", ""best composition"" etc. Such analysis will use MoreIdeas' proprietary Deep Learning algorithms that reproduce human judgement on quality of images, in relation to such preferences."	http://envision.AI	 	Vidéo 3D / Réalité virtuelle/augmentée	QC	Montréal
163	envision.ai	 	envision.ai	 			
164	envision.ai	 	envision.ai	 			
165	EOTPRO Developments	EOTPRO has spent the last five years building a web-based platform using disruptive technology and collective intelligence that today is able to predict Wall Street stock and indices direction. Our subscribers trade futures, options and stocks using our award winning leading indicators. While many potential competitors are using sentiment to interpret news or social media, we have yet to discover another company that predicts stock movement as a result of news, in a way that an active trader can take immediate trading action and potentially profit from it.	http://www.eotpro.com	 			
166	EpiData	Epidata is an American Multinational Software Architecture Oriented Company that provides high performance software development solutions in less time with lower risk than Organizations can accomplish on their own.It has a proven track record of successfully supporting Multi-National Corporations like Turner International, HSBC, Verizon and Walmart since 2003. It helps them update and maintain their core applications as well as migrate to new Technologies resulting in annual cost reductions of 20% while doubling Project Team productivity. Epidata is open source and agile by definition.	http://epidata.co	Founded in 2003			
167	equitysim	EquitySim uses a data-driven approach to assess candidates on their abilities and strengths in a particular field. We currently focus on the financial markets industry. We use advanced data science to analyze each candidate and determine who would be the best fit for a career in finance. We then recommend the best users, backed by their data, for hiring at top-tier investment firms.	https://www.equitysim.com/ESHome	Founded in 2016			
168	EquitySoft Investments Valuations	Canada's only private wealth management entity specialized in machine-learning sentiment-scoring trading algorithms.	http://equitysoftvaluations.com	Founded in 2013			
169	Erudite AI	Redefining K12 learning, teaching and assessment with our edtech platform and intelligent educational toolbox.	http://www.erudite.ai/	Founded in 2013	Technologie éducative	QC	Montréal
170	Event Temple	Event Temple's grand vision is to use machine learning to automate the event planning process and work as an automated personal assistant for busy event professionals. We currently offer complete business management for Event Professionals. From invoicing, to contracts, questionnaires to managing event staff, we automate the process of requesting information from clients, staff and vendors.	http://www.eventtemple.com	 			
171	exapik	Provider of an online data monetize platform. The company offers cross-industry data monetization platform that helps users to generate revenue streams by mining big data assets.	http://www.exapik.com/	 			
172	Extreme Innovations	Provider of a technology accelerator designed to facilitate and implement technological innovation in medium and large sized enterprises. The company's technological accelerator uses data science to build predictive analytics, enabling sales and marketing professionals to understand their customer base better, giving companies the ability to segment their client base and optimize their product delivery.	https://www.facebook.com/Extreme-Innovations-Inc-233696080023491/	Founded in 2015			
173	EZ-Robot Inc.	The only integrated robot/IoT platform that scales from middle school to industry professionals for learning technology using robotics.	https://www.ez-robot.com/	Founded in 2011			
174	Faimdata	Faimdata is a software and services company providing consumer data intelligence solutions to identify the true single customer view. We help businesses convert their data into valuable assets whilst discovering more efficient methods to drive revenue and connect with their customers. Our predictive analytics tools make machine learning, artificial-intelligence, and marketing-automation user-friendly and accessible.	http://www.faimdata.com	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
175	Familiar A.I.	Our first product will release soon, on web and with popular APIs, to connect people and places using artificial intelligence.	https://www.linkedin.com/company/makefamiliar	 			
176	Family15.com	"Find family activities for your next 15 minutes, days or years. Whether you've exhausted ideas for what to do, or would love to find a new a dream vacation or simply want help scheduling the school carpool, family15.com is there with answers.Activities are matched thru deep learning engines that seek to ""understand"" what suggestions evoke ""I would LOVE that"" responses which results in purchasing, sourcing and sharing behavior. Value (monetary, social uptake, sharing, etc.) of each activity/suggestion is measured and families are matched with those activities seamlessly thru appropriate sponsored opportunities."	http://www.family15.com	 			
177	Fellow	 	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W6FdId-wakA0_m4NvfSYUeyhcI4Jj59gOwOf0FmH9Eg/edit?usp=sharing	 			
178	Fiddlehead	Developer of forecasting and analysis software. The company provides a platform for data-driven decision support for the food and beverage industry.	http://fiddlehead.io/	Founded in 2013			
179	FindBoB	A growth, transition and succession planning tool for financial advisors and insurance agents.	https://www.findbob.io/	 			
180	Finlyt	Our mission is to improve financial freedom for the underbanked ( those with little or no credit history) by the use of technology. Combining non-traditional data sources and machine learning we will partner with businesses to let their customers receive instant loans for the products they want to buy.	https://finlyt.com/	 			
181	Finn	We put a ‘personal banker’ in every customer's pocket, helping them manage their money wherever they are via a simple, natural conversation. Our secure, easy to integrate platform is used by leading FIs and banks to delight their digital savvy customers, improve loyalty, and reduce call center volume and cost.	http://www.finn.ai	Founded in 2014			
182	Firebird	Firebird is a quantum machine intelligence company, building machine learning software for the most advanced computers on the planet.	https://angel.co/project-firebird	Founded in 2015			
183	Flair	Developer of a web-based writing software. The company develops an application that allows students and professionals to save time by managing information sources and discovering insights about their writing.	http://switchtoflair.com	Founded in 2015			
184	FLODocs	FLODocs is cloud-based software that answers the question: “If I change this, what will break.” It automates the key documentation, change detection and communication tasks that are critical to managing change safely and effectively in cloud applications. It automatically documents and monitors all customizations, logs critical changes and alerts key business people to relevant changes. This makes it possible to use smart change management (as opposed to brute force).	http://www.flodocs.com/	Founded in 2013			
185	Fluent.ai	Developer of speech recognition technologies. The company deals in speech recognition technologies that help people to control their cars, homes and wearable devices with voice.	http://www.fluent.ai	Founded in 2015	Reconnaissance vocale	QC	Montréal
186	FoodBots	"FoodBots Robotically Grows, Packages and Delivers one-hundred top grocery store food items in daily and weekly delivery batches; 30,000 Lettuce per day; 20,000 mushrooms per day, and so on. Our teams build robotics, grow and deliver profitable, top quality products with a model that scales to ensure abundance and eradicate extreme poverty internationally."	http://csq1.org/foodbots/	Founded in 2017			
187	Frontline robotics	Frontline Robotics is committed to keeping people out of harm's way with intelligent, mobile robots. If the task is dull, dangerous or dirty, robots should be in the front line. Their mission is to elevate the robotics industry to address the serious threats faced by their society. They will do this with integrity, imagination and a sense of adventure. Frontline Robotics develops robot platforms and tools that focus on public security and safety. Their core capabilities are machine perception and cognition, autonomy, collaboration, sensor fusion and security mission planning.	http://frontline-robotics.com	 			
188	FTSY	FTSY ('footsy') is an A.I. platform that matches people to consumer goods where fit and comfort matter.	http://ftsy.co/	Founded in 2015			
189	FullRank	FullRank's mission is to provide a novel, mobile-centric, experience to consumers based on interest, popularity and simplicity. The FullRank system uses NLP, machine-learning, prediction algorithms, and a host of other techniques to find personalized content in real-time.	http://fullrank.com	 			
190	Fuzzy AI	Fuzzy.ai is an API that makes it easy for developers to to build decision-making artificial intelligence without needing data science expertise or lots of data.	https://fuzzy.ai/	Founded in 2014	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
191	GainX	Developer of a strategy management technology platform designed to provide Saas insights that help in generating meaningful return on investments. The company's strategy management technology platform is designed to help businesses accelerate and scale across strategy, market, operations and culture enabling them to achieve and generate meaningful return on investments.	http://www.gainx.com/	Founded in 2012			
192	Georeference Online	 	http://georeferenceonline.com/	 			
193	Getcleantech	This crowd-built database, powered by a matching algorithm, suggests initial matches and sends alerts when new matches occur. By joining, members discover new business possibilities.	http://www.getcleantech.com	 			
194	Gnowit	Provider of artificial intelligence services. The company provides artificial intelligence services to monitor and analyze digital media in real-time.	http://www.gnowit.com	Founded in 2011			
195	Gradient Ascent AI	 	http://www.gradient-ascent.com/	 			
196	Granify	Granify employs big data and machine learning technologies to enable online retailers to enhance their sales via a SaaS-based solution.	http://www.granify.com	Founded in 2011			
197	Greenspace Mental Health	Greenspace is a digital platform that allows mental health providers to measure and monitor patient symptoms in an easy and organized manner. As a next step, Greenspace is using the data being generated on patient outcomes to develop a machine-learning algorithm, which will identify the therapy provider most likely to deliver a successful outcome for a given patient.	http://www.grnspace.com	 			
198	GRIP Entertainment	GRIP Entertainment operates as an artificial intelligence (AI) game middleware company.	https://gamedev.autodesk.com/	Founded in 2007	Jeux vidéo	QC	Montréal
199	GroupBy Inc.	Industry-leading provider of e-commerce and media solutions including Searchandiser, Hub Source, and Insights.	http://www.groupbyinc.com	Founded in 2013			
200	Guarana Technologies	"Smart mobile app developers for smartphones, tablets &amp; wearable devices. We develop your ideas, make it smart, sexy, code it &amp; launch it."	http://www.guarana-technologies.com	Founded in 2011	Application mobile	QC	Montréal
201	Gym Diary	Gym Diary is a team of 5 people creating a workout application which helps people to store all their training data in one place with many exhilarating features . A workout application which helps people to store all their training data in one place with many exhilarating features.	http://www.gymdiary.eu	Founded in 2015			
202	Hack Capital	At Hack Capital we are building systems of intelligence for software companies to help them scale. In today's world most software companies operate across a fragmented array of SaaS products that produce massive amounts of data about their business. While these products are easy to setup they often do not do a very good job of vertically integrating without specialized skillsets and custom workflows for aggregating the data, cleansing it and modelling it so it can be fed back into the business to improve operations. Hack Capital is solving this with systems of intelligence that are designed to aggregate data from every corner of the enterprise and learn from it. Our products CTO.ai, CRO.ai sit on top of this data, helping businesses to answer questions and improve operations. Our AI acts like a member of the team, learning along the way, helping to automate away low value tasks wherever possible, meaning your team stays focused on shipping the features that customers love.	http://hackcapital.com	 			
203	HEALX	HEALX is a smart wrist brace for faster injury recovery. It is created using 3D scanning and 3D printing. The technology incorporates 3D printing with an at-office manufacturing system, which can produce the brace quickly. It uses on-demand customization, patent-pending innovative design and user-friendly software – all three packed into a full suite of customization system, with little to no technical training required for operation. Unlike traditional braces currently in the market, the HealX brace is customized to the users’ condition and needs. It doesn’t have post-bracing side effects and can reduce the healing time considerably.	https://healx.io/	 			
204	Heartbeat AI	Heartbeat AI provides empathy analytics for brands. They harness the power of Natural Language Processing and Supervised Machine Learning to provide an accurate deep analysis of the emotional drivers of behaviour.</p>	www.heartbeatai.com	 			
205	helpful	 	 	 			
206	Hey Day	We're a team of award-winning digital advertising pioneers coming from the world's top ad agencies and startups. We're copywriters, coders, experience designers, and marketers who all share a common goal: delight customers with engaging one-on-one experiences. From strategy and idea generation to chat bot design and development, we can help you deploy your chat bot to reach your audience on their platform of choice.	http://heyday.ai/	 	Agent conversationnel	QC	Montréal
207	Hitblocks	 	www.hitblocks.ai	 			
208	homehunt	We’re transforming the real estate experience. Our mission is to help buyers and renters find their next home. Enough wasting time going through the million mind-numbing listing websites available out there, just tell us what you are looking for and we'll find it for you. You text, we search and find. As simple as that!	http://www.homehunt.co	 			
209	Homigo	Homigo handles all aspects of home maintenance and repairs. We tackle seasonal maintenance with quoted, proactive recommendations, and offer	http://www.homigo.com/	Founded in 2015			
210	hopper	Hopper is an app that uses big data to predict and analyze airfare. Hopper provides travelers with the information they need to get the best deals on flights, and notifies them when prices for their flights are at their predicted lowest points.	https://www.hopper.com/	Founded in 2007	Application mobile	QC	Montréal
211	Horizon Engineering Solutions	At Horizon we have developed a new generation of “Smart Building” technology.We seamlessly integrate hardware, software and communication technology with our Energy Management Systems to obtain optimal energy distribution. Our systems automatically receive analytics (Load Control, Meter Tracking, User Reporting Etc.) and react intelligently to monitor and control the energy distribution of an entire facility. We focus on gathering and delivering real-time energy data to our servers and clientele. Utilizing the latest technology, our lighting fixtures are manufactured to exact customer requirements/standards and are guaranteed to perform. We monitor, control and optimize energy used in lighting and environment control(Heating,Cooling and humidifying). Horizon`s Automation Technology guarantees optimal consumption of energy whilst ensuring the best user experience for building occupants using an ubiquitous sensor network , Artificial Intelligence Platform and Intelligent devices.	http://www.hesolutions.ca	 			
212	Hubba	Provider of a B2B product sharing and discovery platform. The company's platform allows brands to share their content with their retail and ecommerce partners, allowing product information to be accurate across all platforms.	https://www.hubba.com/	Founded in 2012			
213	Hubdoc	Your key financial docs in one place. Automatically.	http://hubdoc.com	Founded in 2011			
214	Humonix	A management consultancy focused on AI innovation.</p>	http://humonix.com/	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
215	HYAS InfoSec	“We believe in the internet as an intrinsic force for good, for sharing opportunity, and we use that philosophy as the basis of our company. As such, we also harbour a non-negotiable allegiance to the principles of net neutrality. We stand firm on the right of individuals, societies and companies to embrace the internet’s potential — free from fear of harm, political retribution, or censorship. We offer uncompromising protection of our clients as an expression of our uncompromising support of free speech.”	http://www.hyas.com/	Founded in 2015			
216	Hyperloop Data	Provider of a hybrid cloud software-as-a-service application. The company is a hybrid cloud, software-as-a-service (SaaS) application that provides a ways to analyze, configure aggregated data into smaller clusters while delivering content to end users. It has offers data transmission technology for enterprise use.	http://hyperloopdata.com/	Founded in 2014			
217	Ideal	Ideal uses artificial intelligence to help make precise and efficient high-volume hiring decisions. Companies use Ideal’s Intelligent Screening technology to sift through the resume noise and instantly identify who to interview.	http://www.ideal.com	Founded in 2013			
218	Imagia	Artificial Intelligence for medical image analysis.	https://www.imagia.com/	Founded in 2015	Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
219	imbue [i]	Imbue [i] is an app that allows you to voice-tag real world items, so that stories about those items can be saved for decades, if not centuries. Imagine permanently attaching stories and memories to all the precious items that have been handed down in your family and the treasures you have acquired. Your memories, in your voice-- saved in perpetuity for your distant relatives. Memories preserved for grandparents, parents and children.	http://www.imbueapp.com	Founded in 2017			
220	Immunio	IMMUNIO secures your web applications against all attackers. It is the easiest, most effective method to ensure that you are alerted when important security events are triggered, and that threats are dealt proactively.	https://www.immun.io/	Founded in 2013	Cybersécurité	QC	Montréal
221	IMRSV Data Labs	 	imrsv.ai	 			
222	Industrial SkyWorks	Aerial inspection,imaging and reporting of actionable insights via the cloud using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) .	http://www.industrialskyworks.com	Founded in 2012			
223	infrastructure data solutions	IDS is an innovative Engineering Consulting and Technology provider specializing in transportation and municipal infrastructure management solutions. We have successfully completed a range of unique projects for leading North American infrastructure agencies and utilities. We are renowned for our innovative solutions and steadfast commitment to excellence.	http://ids.consulting/	 			
224	inLocus	We are operating in the space between Human Psychology, Robotics and Artificial Intelligence to influence people’s emotions and behaviour. By doing this, we enable your organization to deliver hybrid and complex messages to your customers.	http://www.inlocus.co	 			
225	InnerSpace Technology	Developer of an indoor location mapping platform. The company specializes in developing and designing a platform which enables mapping of indoor locations and generation of 3D floor plans.	http://www.innerspace.io/	Founded in 2014			
226	InnoTechnix	InnoTechnix, a medium-sized company developing a variety of robotic arms, custom claws, talking robots, smart clocks and mobile robots.	https://www.itnx.com/	 	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
227	InsightNG	"InsightNG is harnessing the synergies between visual learning and intelligent knowledge discovery to enhance and augment 21st century learning and future of work skills. We provide the means for people to gain clarity and deeper understanding in any problem or challenge. Our platform is built on intelligent cognitive computing technologies that provide digital services that use beneficial, contextual understanding and intelligent decisions to make people’s lives easier, faster and more enjoyable. Users visually interact with, collaborate on and expand their knowledge, while in the background our intelligent platform constantly rethinks the context of what users are thinking about. One user said our platform ""Googles for things I wouldn't have thought to Google."" This results in acquiring timely, meaningful and actionable insights that when aggregated at scale provide powerful network effects; creating a global brain of human insights."	http://www.insightng.com	 			
228	Integrate.ai	Provider of an AI-enabled platform intended to increase customer engagement and revenue growth. The company's AI-enabled platform helps access to data and insight that spans both the consumer and enterprise platforms, enabling large enterprises to solve complex business challenges.	https://www.integrate.ai/	Founded in 2017			
229	Intellizence	Intellizence powers professionals to monitor changes with Customers, Competitors, Partners, Prospects, Suppliers and Regulators.	http://www.intellizence.com	Founded in 2016			
230	Intellogo	Provider of a SaaS cognitive platform designed tooffer digitalsearch and content discovery tools on a blended search option of machine learning concepts. The company's SaaS cognitive platform has an inbuilt recommendation chatbot called Alertsy that operates within Slack messenger and tracks published contents, enabling authors, publishers and readers to find and match with the required content.	http://www.intellogo.com/	Founded in 2014	Analyse de contenu / Système de recommandation / Traitement automatique de langage naturel	QC	Montréal
231	Intellycs	Intellycs is a software service that will offer social media analytics using the power of AI to gain deeper insights into text, image and video content. Through our smart image recognition, companies can gain understanding into the features of photos and video such as colors and content into actionable data sets. In addition, Intellycs will introduce Morgn, the Siri of social media. It will enable a service to companies to automatically engage with their consumer based on their analytic findings. The intent of Morgn is to be a “collaborative” Artificial Intelligence feature, working hand-in-hand with digital marketers.	http://intellycs.com	 			
232	Intercues	We are building a system to connect to other people based on attributes which are not considered by other social media companies. Social media either connect to people you already know from family relations or school or work. But with our product , Intercues, You can connect to people based on their attributes and similarities or difference with you. This allows for better ability to connect with similar or different people.	http://intercues.com/	 			
233	Internuncio	Crowdsourcing API for AI startups looking to prototype their technology	http://www.internuncio.ai	Founded in 2015			
234	Interset	Interset provides a highly intelligent and accurate insider and targeted outsider threat detection solution	http://interset.com/	Founded in 1997			
235	Invenia Technical Computing	Invenia’s Energy Intelligence System is a cloud-based machine learning platform that uses big, high frequency data to solve complex problems in real time. Invenia currently applies its platform to optimize electric utility operations as well as electricity markets themselves. Invenia uses its intelligence system to link forecasting, pattern recognition, and optimization together with a model of the decision-making process specific to each user. This results in a decision recommendation, which is the best answer to the problem that the user is trying to solve at any given time. For energy markets, this process involves understanding the problem from generation through transmission and finally to marketing. This simplifies operational decision making, while making use of smart grid data, and becoming more efficient as the frequency of decisions increases.	https://www.invenia.ca/	Founded in 2016			
236	Iota Security	Developer of cyber security software designed to provide advanced cyber threat defenses for mobility and the Internet of Things (IoT). The company's cyber security software is based on proprietary machine intelligence that can detect threats from multiple sources and detects the presence of information-stealing malicious applications on mobile devices in real-time, enabling organizations to users to protect their customers from cyber-crime and realize the benefits of emerging technologies.	https://www.iotasecurity.com/	 			
237	Iris Automation	Manufacturer of drones designed for tracking moving objects. The company's autonomous industrial drones uses computer vision techniques, enabling the users to react naturally to their surroundings and in reducing risks.	http://www.irisonboard.com/	Founded in 2015			
238	Irystec	Based on the science of the human eye, proprietary image processing algorithms and physiological models, IRYStec’s Perceptual Display Platform (PDP) embedded software technology replicates how the human eye sees. IRYStec's PDP technology adapts to viewer attributes (age, gender, ethnicity, colour and contrast perception), significantly improving readability across all ambient light conditions, while reducing eyestrain and improving power consumption. It senses the ambient lighting environment and adjusts in real-time to ensure that the quality of displayed images is optimized, regardless of whether the viewing environment is dark, bright, or highly reflective. IRYStec’s PDP technology is available to OEM display device manufacturers, from mobile phones and tablets to automotive displays and Augmented/Virtual Reality (VR) headsets.	http://www.irystec.com/	Founded in 2015	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent	QC	Montréal
239	IRYStec Software Inc.	 	www.irystec.com	 			
240	Istuary Innovation Group	Cultivate innovation and launch businesses in fast-growing markets	http://www.istuary.com	Founded in 2012			
241	iTMethods	At iTMethods, our mission is to enable Digital Transformation on the AWS Cloud. We are a cloud-native consultancy building and migrating applications, with managed operations services once in production. We utilize a DevOps culture, the latest automation techniques and AWS best practices to deliver innovation, efficiency and to ensure our customers realize the full value of the AWS platform on an ongoing basis.	http://www.itmethods.com	 			
242	Janis	AI Customer Service Agent	http://www.janis.ai	Founded in 2016			
243	jattbuzz	 	http://jattbuzz.com	 			
244	Kaloom	Provider of an online platform which will allow all virtual network functions to run at scale utilizing commodity hardware, merchant silicon and existing data center architecture. The company's online platform combines open networking and container based virtualization to provide a completely lossless environment to ensure consistent connectivity and high availability.	http://www.kaloom.com/	Founded in 2014	Réseautique		
245	Kaptur	Image analytics and computer vision technology	http://kapturtech.com/	Founded in 2017			
246	Keatext	"Helps companies manage &amp; acquire actionable data from unstructured information through adaptable &amp; user-friendly NLP solutions."	https://www.keatext.ai/	Founded in 2010	Analyse de contenu / Système de recommandation / Traitement automatique de langage naturel	QC	Montréal
247	Keboola	Keboola provides is a cloud platform to combine, enhance and publish data for internal analytics projects and data products.	http://www.keboola.com	Founded in 2007			
248	Kid Koderz City	Technology education summer camp and after school enrichment program for kids and teens. Choose from over 50 courses	http://kkcity.io	Founded in 2016			
249	Kindred	The company’s central thesis is that human-like intelligence requires a human-like body. Kindred AI is teaching robots new tasks using human virtual-reality “pilots.” The ultimate goal is to create a new kind of ai.	http://www.kindred.ai	 			
250	kinova	Kinova designs and manufactures service robotics platforms and applications that are simple, sexy and safe. From needs to innovation, Kinova creates robots that serve two markets. Kinova in assistive robotics empowers people with disabilities to push beyond their current boundaries and limitations, while Kinova in innovation robotics empowers industry and research to interact with its environment more efficiently and safely, and contributes to aiding product development and hands-on applications in the areas of service robotics and medical advancement.	http://www.kinovarobotics.com/	Founded in 2006	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Boisbriand
251	Kintelligent Systems	Developer of biomechanics software for motion analysis. The company's tool allows biomechanics professionals to reduce the time required to process large datasets.	http://kintelligentsystems.com/	 			
252	Kirasystems	Kira is a contact analytics company based in Toronto, Ontario. It enables its users to review contracts based on user specifications.	https://kirasystems.com/	Founded in 2010			
253	kirmaq.tech	First, connected devices, home automation, smart home and custom smart projects. Second, devices for prevention technologies. Our first product is Campy, it will go on sale soon if everything goes according to plan.	http://www.kirmaq.tech	 	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
254	Kiwi.ai	Cue your champion to reduce smoking with a smartwatch. Kiwi.ai is software that uses AI to solve problems with sensors.	https://kiwi.ai/#/	Founded in 2013			
255	Knitt Labs	Knitt is an Internet of Things (IoT) hardware and software platform that tracks, measures and monitors electricity consumption at an outlet and switch level. Knitt’s hardware is Wi-Fi enabled and can used as an outlet of any kind, a switch, at the breaker level and even as a power bar. Knitt’s software is where the data is accessed and can be viewed historically and in real-time. The software also enables households and businesses to remotely control, schedule and set smart rules for when things turn on or off. Smart rules are trigger based rules like ambient temperature, humidity, light, sound level, and much more. This is made possible by our environment sensor that we created to integrate with the Knitt platform. Knitt is also smart, it has machine learning algorithms built into it that learns the way we consume electricity. It helps us automatically manage our usage better, which reduces energy waste, in turn saving us money and helping the environment.	http://KnittLabs.com	 			
256	Knockri	A.I. Video Recruiting	http://www.knockri.com	Founded in 2016			
257	Knomos Knowledge Management Inc.	Knomos is an enhanced knowledge management platform for corporate legal departments leveraging data visualization and deep machine learning.	http://knomos.law/	Founded in 2014			
258	Knote	Knote is a Natural Language Processing and Artificial Intelligence platform. We work documents and text data to create support tools for companies to automate repetitive tasks. More specifically, we specialize in summarization and redaction of documents. The government, legal and professional service firms are some of our target market. The e-discovery subsection of Big Data is $10 billion dollars and growing rapidly. After nearly 2 years of development our technology is ready for the market, and we are looking to bring people on board to fill key roles as we scale.	http://knote.me	 			
259	Knowtions	As more healthcare companies rapidly grow operations in emerging markets, petabytes of multilingual, unstructured and messy clinical data are emerging from real-world settings. This growing new wave of data sources include electronic health records, patient reported outcomes, and clinical sensors data. Knowtions transforms the sea of data that describe real human experiences with medical products into computable signals. With advances in deep learning and cloud computing, Knowtions empowers global decision makers to zoom in for understanding of ground-level clinical operations and zoom out for analysis of group experience and trends across multiple regions, languages and cultures. The Knowtions Intelligence Platform assists innovative industry leaders to create a big-picture understanding of the world by transcending individual markets through tangible, computable data at the global and hyperlocal scale.	https://www.myknowtions.com	 			
260	Kodatex	Interior designers that work on a project to decorate corporate spaces, hotels or other public spaces need access to unique and original artwork to incorporate into the space they are designing. This can be a challenging task. In addition creating high-resolution artwork to incorporate in large prints can be expensive and time-consuming. Kodatex’s generative art technology can help the designer get quick access to a large number of original and authentic pieces of artwork to incorporate into spaces they are decorating.	http://www.kodatex.com	 			
261	Komand Consulting	KOMAND Consulting works with companies and leaders to develop sophisticated business strategies that lead to exemplary performance. Our advantage lies in the fact that we use the power of advanced statistical analysis to drive our strategic recommendations.	http://komand.ca/	 			
262	Kraken International	Kraken International is a next generation quantitative research and development team, building the future of adaptive portfolio management systems.	http://kraken.international	 			
263	Ladon Labs	Ladon Labs is building a handheld barcode scanner that uses machine learning to identify produce items without the need for barcodes. The technology increases the speed and accuracy at the cash register and decreases the time, effort, and cost of training cashiers. The system also eliminates certain theft techniques that are common at self-service checkouts...	https://www.facebook.com/LadonLabs/	Founded in 2012			
264	Landr	Developer of an instant online audio mastering software designed to refine and polish finished stereo mixes. The company's instant online audio mastering software uses machine learning technologies which are applied to sound engineering and delivered as a platform, enabling users to mix tracks for the studio without an engineer, make live recordings in real time and broadcast shows live with a fully mixed sound.	https://www.landr.com/en	Founded in 2012	Arts		
265	LANDR Audio	 	https://www.landr.com	 			
266	Last Studio Standing	Operator of a hand drawn studio created to completed over 1,500 hours of on-air animated programming. The company's hand drawn animation uses visual artificial intelligence, convolutional neural networks, sound design, and new Ultra HD workflow with old-school organic drawing program and specializes in science and science-fiction based animation, enabling children, family, and adult audiences to enjoy quality animation.	http://www.laststudiostanding.com/	 			
267	LaunchSpot.io	Developer of a platform to share informative news. The company's platform enables users to automatically gather news and social content via its neuro-linguistic programming (NLP)algorithm based platform.	http://launchspot.io/	Founded in 2013			
268	layer 6 ai	"The First SaaS Personalized Recommendation &amp; Search Engine using Deep Learning"	https://layer6.ai/	 			
269	LeadSift	Developer of a platform that generates qualified leads for sales by mining publicly available social media data. The company develops social media based lead sales technology which analyzes chatter from popular social media streams and turns the data into targeted local leads for sales.	http://leadsift.com/	Founded in 2012			
270	Legalicity	Legalicity is a new online legal research platform that is designed to be simple yet effective. It can be used by lawyers, law students, and anyone who wants to learn about various topics in Canadian law.	http://www.Legalicity.net	Founded in 2016			
271	Lemeister	Lemeister focuses on providing sports analytics, algorithmic match-up predictions and fan engagement products and solutions to sports fans, news media agencies, betting agencies, professional club organizations, sports federations and other affiliated organizations.	http://www.lemeister.com	Founded in 2016			
272	lexalytics	transforms global conversations into meaningful and actionable insights. Every day, our leading text analysis platforms process billions of pieces of unstructured data, translating thoughts and feelings into profitable decisions for our customers. Lexalytics helps companies implement vital feedback and monitoring programs that create an ongoing dialogue with their customers. From social media monitoring to voice of the customer programs to customer experience management to business intelligence and more, the Lexalytics Semantria™ and Salience™ platforms are fully customizable and deliver at scale and on budget	https://www.lexalytics.com/	Founded in 2003	Analyse de contenu / Système de recommandation / Traitement automatique de langage naturel	QC	Montréal
273	LimeSpot Solutions	LimeSpot offers a conversion optimization service to ecommerce merchants. We focus on the choice overload problem and show consumers the FEW products that they are most likely to be interested in. Our patent-pending technology uses linguistic analysis and machine learning to understand content and target it intelligently. By combining that with the power of profile information (i.e. social network, CRM, loyalty programs, etc.), along with behavioral and trend analysis, LimeSpot is able to instantly make highly relevant recommendations for each consumer. The technology is platform, industry and content-type independent but our commercial focus is entirely on Shopify.	http://www.limespot.com	Founded in 2013			
274	Logojoy	Logojoy is an AI-powered logo maker.	http://logojoy.com	Founded in 2016			
275	Lucent Industries	Proprietary image processing and machine learning combined with mixed reality optical head-mounted display hardware delivers unprecedented visual clarity to its wearer, no matter the context.	http://www.seelucent.com	 			
276	Lusens	Interactive systems based on touch sensing, 3d video analytics for body motion and position, and artificial intelligence.	http://lusens.com	Founded in 2012			
277	lynx inspection	LynX Inspection develops cutting edge machine vision solutions serving the Industrial Inspection and Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) markets based on novel and proprietary radiographic methods. The primary market is the high speed inline industrial inspection of manufactured parts and assemblies, particularly for the aerospace, military and automotive industries that require very high quality standards. The solutions developped by LynX Inspection are able to perform 100% inline inspection of manufactured parts, detect defects and validate 3D measurements of both the internal and external structure of components at more than 100 items per minute.	http://www.lynxinspection.com/	Founded in 2016	Analytiques industriels	QC	Montréal
278	Lyrebird	Lyrebird will offer a new generation of speech synthesis technologies for developers. It is the result of several months of research conducted at the MILA lab at University of Montréal. Our technology is the very first of this kind to allow copying voices in a matter of minutes and control the emotion of the generation. We believe that vocal human-computer interfaces will become more and more widespread in the future and we want to lead the race.	http://lyrebird.ai	Founded in 2017	Synthèse vocale	QC	Montréal
279	MachineVision (formely Point Grey Research)	Flir Systems Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets thermal imaging and infrared camera systems in the U.S. and internationally. Its Thermography division offers products for commercial and industrial applications, where temperature measurement is a primary requirement. The Commercial Vision Systems division caters to security, automotive, marine, airborne, and first responder markets. The Government Systems division makes products that allow the user to see in total darkness and through smoke, haze, and various types of fog. This division serves search and rescue, force protection, border and maritime patrol, surveillance and reconnaissance, targeting, federal drug interdiction, military, paramilitary, and police markets.	https://www.ptgrey.com/	 	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent	QC	Richmond
280	Macromeasures	Macromeasures makes it easy to tap into the everyday behaviors of hundreds of millions of people, across social networks, to power personalized experiences and gain meaningful insights. We’re building the best way to learn about your customers. We help marketers understand their millennial customers by giving them world-class customer intelligence.	https://macromeasures.com/about/	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
281	Mainstream	"Mainstream is a media management &amp; distribution company."	https://twitter.com/goMainstream	Founded in 2014			
282	Malaspina Labs	Developer of a speech processing platform. The company offers embedded speech recognition software, voice activation software, biometric speaker authentication software and noise reduction software products which execute in real-time on ultra-low power processors.	http://www.malaspina-labs.com/	Founded in 2010			
283	Maps BI	Provider of mapping and business intelligence platform. The company provides mapping and business intelligence platform to enhance visualization to better assist in the analysis of Big Data.	https://www.mapsbi.com/	Founded in 2013			
284	Marginally clever	Marginally Clever Robots wants to build a moon base with an innovative 3D printing robot. Through education we spread our message and empower people to build robots, solve their problems, and be more awesome. By selling advanced robots we fund research and development of our long term project.	https://www.marginallyclever.com/	Founded in 2008			
285	Maropost	Global provider of on-demand digital marketing, sales, and infrastructure platforms.	https://mmc.maropost.com/	Founded in 2011			
286	Marshall Capital	"Marshall Capital Corporation is a venture capital firm. It focuses on identifying and commercializing industry-leading technologies; financing and assisting seed and early-stage ideas; and technology companies. it provides advisory services and communicating strategies for the media and financial businesses."	http://www.marshallcapital.ca	Founded in 1998			
287	Mashup Machine	We're using machine learning to teach computers animated storytelling, allowing content to adapt to the viewer.	http://mashupmachine.io	 			
288	MatchFuel	MatchFuel provides personalized game recommendations on Android by using GameOracle AI technology.	https://medium.com/@faisalabid/	Founded in 2011			
289	Me3	To use technology, psychology, and design to bring lasting happiness to our users in the most economical, scalable and effective way possible.	https://me3app.co	Founded in 2017	Réseau social / Site de rencontres	QC	Montréal
290	MEDANN	Unobtrusive sensor technology paired with deep learning neural networks and big data will provide a cost-effective way to monitor and detect signs of an acute medical event for adults with chronic illnesses living in their home or in assisted care facilities. The goal is to reduce the number of trips (currently 10+ trips per year) that patients with chronic health conditions will make to emergency departments every year.	http://www.medann.com	 			
291	Medvalgo	 	www.medvalgo.com	 			
292	MeritHQ	 	http://merithq.io	 			
293	Meta	Meta is an intelligent system that can read, understand, and reason over scientific and technical literature.	http://meta.com/	Founded in 2010			
294	Metacreative	The Style Machine is an Ableton Live plugin that allows ones to generate complete songs (full composition) as well as individual parts (MIDI patterns) from a variety of corpora generated from existing songs.	http://metacreativetech.com/	 			
295	Metafor Software	Anomaly detection for IT operations analytics and security intelligence	http://www.metaforsoftware.com	Founded in 2010			
296	Meya.ai	Meya lets you build amazing bots that can be easily connected to popular messaging apps. Bots can range from a simple, personal bot built in a few minutes to a sophisticated bot that connects customers to your business in a new and delightful way.	https://meya.ai/	Founded in 2014			
297	MicroCent Technologies	MicroCent Technology is a corporate identity for Bitness. Bitness is provider of location based analytics for businesses. The company offers an online platform that provides insights and analytics for in-store foot traffic within businesses.	https://ca.linkedin.com/company/microcent-org	Founded in 2014			
298	MicroMetrics	Provider of an online SaaS based platform designed to collect feedback and analyze real-time customer data. The company's online SaaS based platform and mobile application transforms data into immediately-actionable consumer insights that enables retailers, restaurants, hospitality and QSR chains to collect customer feedback, promote customer engagement and optimize sales.	http://www.micrometrics.com/	Founded in 2013			
299	Midnight Illusions	What WordPress has done for website development, ShiraX will achieve for educational app development.	http://apps.mi.ca	Founded in 2011			
300	MindBridge Analytics	Developer of a cyber security and fraud prevention software. The company develops a cyber security software which analyzes normal and suspicious behavior across internal and open source data points.	http://www.mindbridge.ai/	Founded in 2015			
301	MineSense	 	http://minesense.com/	 			
302	Mintent	The value for features leader, Mintent’s content marketing automation platform is used by mid-sized and large teams to create, schedule, publish and measure marketing content. The simple yet sophisticated platform helps marketers more precisely align messages with customer buying cycles, manage concurrent editorial calendars and content marketing workflows to achieve higher returns on their content investment.	http://www.getmintent.com	Founded in 2012			
303	Minute School	Minute School helps students transition into and through higher education	https://www.minuteschool.com	Founded in 2016			
304	Miovision	Miovision develops intelligent technology solutions to address the challenges facing today global transportation network and to minimize the environmental impacts of inefficient transportation flow.	https://miovision.com/	Founded in 2015			
305	Mirametrix inc	Mirametrix develops consumer electronics integrated with proprietary attention sensing technology to enable human-computer interaction processes. The company also offers Glance by Mirametrix, a software platform that enables customers, OEMs, and ISVs to create user experiences across all devices.	http://www.mirametrix.com/	Founded in 2010	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent		
306	MistyWest	MistyWest offers businesses with consulting services that focus on product engineering and design. It offers its customers with mechanical engineering, hardware development, and research and development services.	https://mistywest.com/	Founded in 2010			
307	mnubo	Provider of a big data analytics platform for the Internet of Things. The company operates a technology startup building a global cloud services platform that is organized around two strategic business lines, the internet of things cloud platform division and software engineering services division. It provides IoT Data Analytics to help product manufacturers build better connected products and services.	http://www.mnubo.com	Founded in 2012	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
308	Molescope	 	https://molescope.com/	 			
309	Morrow	Morrow is like a personal assistant - she's trying to get out of your way. Text Morrow to tell her what you want to accomplish tomorrow, and she'll help you get it done. She can schedule breaks, work around your meetings, and show you cute kitten photos exactly when you need them.	http://www.morrow.co/	Founded in 2015			
310	MotionMetrics	Motion Metrics International is a private Canadian corporation dedicated towards developing intuitive, reliable, cutting-edge monitoring technologies for the mining and oil industries, in order to improve safety of operation, increase production efficiency and reduce equipment downtime. Their advanced monitoring solutions are the result of over 14 years of research and development focused on solving challenges faced in mining operations around the world. They provide a range of advanced monitoring solutions for mining equipment including: loaders, shovels, and conveyor belts. Each solution is design to the specific needs of the equipment.	http://www.motionmetrics.com	 			
311	motorleaf	Machine Learning Automated Control for Indoor Agriculture.	http://www.motorleaf.com	Founded in 2015	Technologie agroalimentaire	QC	Montréal
312	My intelligent machines	"Competitive research carried out in the Pharma/Biotech industry, and in academia relies on massively produced omics data; the use of which requires bioinformatic expertise. Unfortunately, just a fraction of scientists have access to the expertise of bioinformaticians. Hiring a huge number of bioinformaticians is limited by the availability of qualified personnel and converting any scientist in bioinformaticians is unrealistic. They will address these critical problems by conceiving and implementing artificial intelligent systems, called MIMs (for My Intelligent Machines). MIMs will be accessible to non-specialists in bioinformatics and will also support the day-to-day work of bioinformatic groups."	http://www.mims.ai/	Founded in 2016	Bioinformatique		
	Myelin		http://www.myelin.solutions		Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
313	Mylo	Rounds up everyday purchases automatically and invests the spare change to help you achieve your financial goals.	https://mylo.ai/	Founded in 2015	Technologie financière	QC	Montréal
314	Naborly	Naborly is a service that helps landlords to run background checks on their tenants to increase security.	http://naborly.co	Founded in 2015			
315	Nash.	Nash helps organizations innovate effectively by challenging assumptions, uncovering jobs to be done and making sense of new technologies.	http://nash.agency	Founded in 2017	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
316	Navi	Navi builds innovative AI-powered content analysis and content curation products for the media industry.	http://usenavi.com	Founded in 2016			
317	Nearmoi	peer-to-peer transactions	http://www.nearmoi.com	Founded in 2017			
318	nectar	Nectar designs and manufactures intelligent food production systems.	http://www.nectar.buzz	Founded in 2017	Technologie agroalimentaire	QC	Montréal
319	Neemo Tech	Neemo chat bot is a career assistant AI that delivers a personalized job seeking experience through mainstream messaging app like Facebook Messenger. It utilizes machine-learning technology to understand the underlying user preferences and humanize the job seeking process. It also has the potential to integrate further premium services including application support, interview advice, and career guidance.	http://www.neemotech.io/	Founded in 2016			
320	Neptec	Neptec’s 3DRi™ applications provide a library of proprietary software that extracts information from OPAL™ 3D sensor data in real-time.	http://neptectechnologies.com/	Founded in 2011			
321	Neutun	Their software runs on your existing smartwatch and wearable devices (like a Pebble or Apple Watch). Their technology is device agnostic, non-invasive and utilizes accessible wearables. They don't diagnose epilepsy. They simply provide a seizure tracking tool for people living with epilepsy.	https://neutun.com/	Founded in 2015			
322	News360	News360 is an app that knows exactly the kind of content you're interested in, and delivers it at the right time and place to your phone or tablet.	http://news360.com	Founded in 2010			
323	NextBillion.org	People with disabilities (PWD) are often consumed with their conditions, and face increased social stigma and isolation. It is difficult for them to find the right mentor who can help them move forward and reach their potential with the right positive guidance.	http://www.nextbillion.org	Founded in 2016			
324	Nextwave Software	The knowledge graph has become the new information backbone of the Web and it is growing, changing and absorbing everything in its path. Soon it will contain all of human knowledge, updated every millisecond.	http://www.nxtwv.com	Founded in 2012			
325	NGRAIN	 	http://www.ngrain.com	 			
326	nGUVU	Developer of gamification software for call-center agents. The company provides a cloud-based software that uses machine-learning, gamification and behavioral analytics to create sustained agent engagement in contact centers, by bringing a sense of fun and collaboration to achieving objectives.	https://www.nguvu.com/	Founded in 2014	Ressources humaines	QC	Montréal
327	nmodes	nmodes develops data-based competitive social strategies that helps companies to achieve sustainable business growth. It enables businesses to identify and categorize conversations, find the right prospects, and define social selling channels.	http://nmodes.com	Founded in 2010			
328	Noq	Mobile messanging app using a revolutionary AI-powered sharing process.</p>	http://www.thenoq.com/	 			
329	North Labs	"North Labs is an R&amp;D firm focused on pattern recognition and machine learning for urban planning, real estate, finance, and consumer retail."	http://northlabs.ca	Founded in 2014			
330	Nova Shell Materials Technologies	We develop next generation aeroponic vertical horticulture systems that are modular, technologically advanced and sustainable.	http://www.nsmt.ca	 			
331	novasyst	 	http://novasyst.com/	 			
332	Nudge.ai	Sales platform that uses AI to provide actionable insights on target customers.</p>	https://nudge.ai/	 			
333	NuraLogix	NuraLogix has developed patent pending technology for detecting hidden emotions.	http://www.nuralogix.com	Founded in 2016			
334	Obie.ai	Obie, the first continuous learning bot built for Slack, made by Tasytt Inc, is a fundamentally new way for teams to communicate with their internal knowledge, quickly, at scale. Teams can access their knowledge across multiple sources without leaving the workspaces they spend their time in.	https://obie.ai	Founded in 2015			
335	OneBridge Solutions	Developer of cloud applications for pipeline management. The company develops applications which leverages big data and advanced analytics and helps in predicting potential failures of pipelines as well as addressing emergency situations.	http://onebridgesolutions.com/	 			
336	OOSYNAPSE	"Your digital life is spread out across your favourite web search engine, email provider, internet provider, social media apps, video browsing &amp; streaming app, hospitals, clinics, banks and more. That information already exist out there but a lot of these apps and websites do not give you granular control, access and ownership of your own data and some of them go as far as selling your digital information to advertisers without your knowledge or consent. With the OOSynapse platform you will be able to pull in your data from these various sources, and store it a home, work or in our cloud where you always have complete control and ownership of your information. You can use any of our 7 apps to connect and share with others, find your passion, vote on issues that matter to you, find things you need, learn something new, manage your health &amp; fitness, build stronger relationship with others and much more."	https://oosynapse.com	Founded in 2008			
337	opentext	OpenText provides enterprise information management software solutions to help companies manage their unstructured business information.	http://www.opentext.com/	Founded in 1991			
338	Operant.AI	OperantAI is a Conversation Intelligence platform for collection agents and customer success teams. We believe conversations are the most under-leveraged asset in organizations today, and that having good, effective conversations, and learning from the insights they contain is the biggest lever to growing revenue. We use Natural Language Processing, and Deep Learning to unite sales conversations into a single dashboard, allowing collections and customer service teams to identify what works to increase their conversion rates.	https://operantai.com/	Founded in 2017			
339	Optimail	Optimail is a cross-platform marketing automation solution powered by artificial intelligence	https://www.optimail.io	Founded in 2016			
340	Ordr	Here at Ordr we’ve been working hard to completely reinvent the food delivery experience by creating a truly social, intuitive and intelligent ecosystem that not only puts your ever evolving food scene right in your fingertips but constantly adapts around the users themselves. Through the use of intuitive design, unique customer relationship and marketing platforms, adaptive order allocation and routing algorithms, to name a few, all supported by our deep learning systems we have been able to solve the many downfalls that plague the current market.	http://ordr.ai	Founded in 2015			
341	Otto motors	OTTO Motors, a division of Clearpath Robotics Inc., provides self-driving vehicles designed exclusively for indoor material transport. The vehicles operate with infrastructure-free navigation, offering intelligent, safe, efficient, and reliable transportation within industrial centers. Proprietary hardware, software, and services are delivered to provide customer excellence.	http://ottomotors.com/	 			
342	OutsideIQ	OutsideIQ develops innovative artificial intelligence solutions that use big data to address complex risk-based questions and problems.	http://www.outsideiq.com/	Founded in 2009			
343	Paddle	"Paddle is a platform that takes makes it incredibly simple to sell apps, games and other digital products. Paddle think that creators should be allowed to focus on building awesome products, so Paddle handle all of the boring things like payments, analytics, customer support and VAT so that they can do just that. Using Paddle's software development kits, developers can easily set up trial versions, licensing mechanisms, in-app purchases and even track performance &amp; usage with Paddle’s in-app analytics technology -- all under a single dashboard."	http://www.mypaddle.co	Founded in 2012			
344	Paphus Solutions	Paphus Solutions Inc. is a Canadian corporation that specializes in intelligence automation products and services.	http://www.paphussolutions.com	Founded in 2013			
345	ParseHub	Provider of an online web scraping platform. The company offers a web-based data scraping platform for gathering data from the web.	http://www.parsehub.com	Founded in 2015			
346	pavemetrics	Pavemetrics specializes in 3D vision systems for the automated inspection of transportation infrastructure. Our systems are used in more than 35 countries around the world to automatically inspect roads, runways, railways and tunnels.	http://www.pavemetrics.com/about/	 	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent		
347	Pax Cultura	Software design and programming that invests in original product development.</p>	https://paxculturastudios.com/	 			
348	PCP VR	Provider of a virtual reality platform. The company develops a virtual reality products in pragmatic synthesis across multiple disciplines, including real time 3D graphics engines, 3D mathematics, tracking technologies and computer vision.	http://pcpvr.com/#pcpvr	Founded in 2014			
349	Peak Power	The Peak Synergy system features an intuitive user interface with multiple screens to gain insights into building operations, track and forecast battery usage, manage one or a portfolio of buildings, in-depth reporting and more.	http://www.peakpowerenergy.com	 			
350	Pear Data	Asset Management	http://www.peardatacorp.com	 			
351	PeerLoop.ca	PeerLoop.ca is a platform to provide valuable insights on an individual's personal skills and performance. Based on data input from the individual him/herself and his/her peers, PeerLoop provides an effective and easy to implement personal training program for the individual through machine learning. Peerloop.ca is ultimately an self-development tool for individuals. Data generated from PeerLoop can be beneficial for the users in terms of showcase and keeping track of their learning journey. It is also beneficial for companies to target, evaluate ,or manage their talents and customers.	https://www.peerloop.ca/	Founded in 2016			
352	PeopleAnalytics.ai	PeopleAnalytics.ai is a venture-backed technology company with deep roots in academia that is using AI, Machine Learning and language psychology science to reinvent the way organizations identify, understand and manage the risks associated with their most important assets - their people. We use proprietary cognitive science that understands the psychology of employees and teams in real-time - to identify the psychological changes that precede risks (everything from disengaged and disgruntled employees to those at risk of violence and fraud), and enable enterprise Risk and Security teams to identify and intervene with at-risk individuals and teams before harm ever occurs. Our team is comprised of PhDs, professors, software developers, data scientists and some of the world's leading experts in language psychology, machine learning and artificial intelligence.	http://www.peopleanalytics.ai	Founded in 2014			
353	Peotic Technologies	Peotic turns financial data into actionable consumer insights	http://www.poet-technologies.com/	Founded in 2015			
	Percev.ai		http://perceiv.ai		Santé / Télésanté	QC	Montréal
354	Perch	Perch is an always-on video portal enabling users to stay connected to the people they talk to every day	https://perch.co/	Founded in 2012			
355	Perfiqt	Perfiqt is AI that uses gamification to simplify finance to help people make smarter life decisions.	http://www.Perfiqt.com	Founded in 2016	Technologie financière	QC	Montréal
356	PetBot	PetBot lets people interact with their pets while they are away from home. It lets you give something to your pet, and lets your pet give something to you. It is the only product that uses artificial intelligence to recognize pets and allow two-way interaction instead of surveillance. Pet owners can see their pets, play sounds, and drop treats. Their pets can use PetBot to send them Pet Selfies. PetBot aims to be the hub of pet technology in the home. It is WiFi-enabled and will be able to integrate with Bluetooth-enabled devices.	http://www.petbot.co	Founded in 2015			
357	pfm scheduling services	 	http://pfmscheduling.com/	Founded in 2002			
358	PHEMI Systems	Operator of a big data warehouse company that lets organizations access and mine variety of data at any volume. The company offers built-in privacy, data sharing and data governance with indexing, cataloging and full lifecycle, enterprise-grade data management for fraud prevention, personalized medicine and oil exploration and discovery.	http://phemi.com/	Founded in 2013			
359	Phonbok	Phonbok is an event app that facilitates business to business introductions, connections and communications.	http://www.phonbok.com	 			
360	Phoyo	Use Phoyo smart photography to showcase what matters. Starting at the point of capture, Phoyo allows you to take control of your style and unlock your content's potential in the digital market place. Phoyo empowers retailers, manufacturers, designers and programmers to create the visually engaging shopping experiences your brand has only dreamed about.	http://phoyo.io	 			
361	Pineapple Games	Pineapple Games is the developer of the #1 mobile Open Face poker product for iOS.	http://www.playpineapple.com	 			
362	PiP Pet Recognition	PiP, The Global Pet Recognition Company, develops the PiP app for iPhone, which uses facial recognition technology to re-unite lost pets with their rightful owners. It’s as simple as taking a picture and registering your pet. Should your pet ever become lost, activating the amber alert system will ensure your furry friend quickly finds their way home.	http://www.petrecognition.com/	Founded in 2012			
363	Pitstop	Predicting vehicle failures before they happen	http://pitstopconnect.com	Founded in 2015			
364	Plantiga	Plantiga is all about foot-strike analytics, mobile apps and smart footwear, providing actionable analysis from the data of human movement.	http://www.plantiga.com	Founded in 2008			
365	PLATOI Industries	PLATOI is addressing complex challenges faced by Energy transmission pipelines industry, with revolutionary hybrid solution system featuring cutting-edge nanotech sensory for leaks detection and situational awareness, connected together over long-range autonomous IIoT network, operated and managed by cloud services and augmented with analytics and deep-learning intelligence services.	http://www.platoi.com/	 			
366	Plex.ai	Plex.ai is an insurance start-up working on using artificial intelligence to re-engineer the way insurance and risk management is done. Rover (www.heyrover.com) is an AI powered virtual insurance broker that helps users quote, bind and service insurance products directly from their Facebook messenger.	http://www.plex.ai	Founded in 2015			
367	Plotly	Plotly is the modern platform for agile business intelligence and data science.	https://plot.ly	 	Analytiques		
368	Plumlytics Social	Social Media Marketing suite with the Power of Artificial Intelligence.	http://www.plumlytics.com	Founded in 2016			
369	Predikat	Predikat develops an applied/specialized predictive analytics solution for SaaS providers, aimed to timely detect and prevent customer churn (turnover) within a desired period of time. Our customers will better understand their customers, know what actually works to retain them and when, target only the churners that will actually stay if targeted. They will understand why and when their customer churn at individualized level.	http://www.Predikat.co	Founded in 2017			
370	Predilytics	Predilytics is an information technology company that provides solutions to the healthcare industry. The company's first series of products focus on assisting health plans and providers identify and prioritize opportunities against key business initiatives which include improving appropriate documentation for disease burden, attracting and retaining plan membership, enhancing the effectiveness of care management and reducing costly facility admissions/re-admissions. Predilytics utilizes the latest machine learning technology proven in the financial and advertising sectors but not yet leveraged in the healthcare markets.	http://www.predilytics.com/	Founded in 2011			
371	Prëmo	Prëmo is a platform powered by BlockChain and Artificial Intelligence to connect you with the right people as fast and precisely as possible. It's pure stellar innovation, at the Speed of Light!	https://www.xn--prmo-mpa.com/home/	 	Chaîne de blocs	QC	Montréal
372	Pricerazzi	A technology company that uses proprietary OCR systems to turn pictures of receipts into data	https://www.pricerazzi.com	Founded in 2015			
373	Primal	Intelligent assistants that bring you the right information. Primal learns your interests and seamlessly delivers content from around the Web.	http://www.primal.com	Founded in 2004			
374	Primate Labs	Primate Labs develops cross-platform performance analysis software for desktop and mobile systems.	https://www.primatelabs.com/	Founded in 2013			
375	ProNav Technologies	ProNavigator is a SaaS customer support platform built for the insurance industry. We add a layer of artificial intelligence to assist customers 24/7 through chat and email, making the buying and service experience as frictionless as possible.	https://pronavigator.io/	Founded in 2016			
376	Propulse Analytics	Propulse analyzes the desires and intent of each consumer and provides the timeliest and accurate product choice available.	http://www.propulseanalytics.com/en/	Founded in 2015	Commerce électronique	QC	Montréal
377	PVelocity	"pVelocity's Profitability &amp; Cost Optimization Software is the only analytic application with advanced simulation capabilities, providing immediate, detailed insight into projected customer, product and asset performance. Developed to meet the complex analytical requirements of today's business environment, the rich data model behind pVelocity's software reflects a deep awareness of the tools a business manager requires to understand the interplay between pricing and cost to serve."	http://www.pvelocity.com/	Founded in 2001			
378	Q.I. Leap Analytics	 	https://qileap.com	Founded in 2015			
379	Qassurance AI	Qassurance AI helps you triage your bugs more effectively.<br></p>	https://qassurance.ai	 			
380	qclinics	Qclinics.com is a SaaS company that offers smart online queuing for walk-in clinics, powered by real-time Artificial Intelligence that plans and schedules optimal placement for patients by leveraging a network of clinics in a collaborative manner. Our system is capable of revising schedules in real time, leverages the power of networking, predicts wait times and reacts upon it. The system offers patients optimal placement and optimizes patient in-flow. Our system eliminates no-shows and clinics have access to smart statistics. We are not an EMR (Electronic Medical Records) platform or a clinic calendar appointment software. It is already a competitive space. Instead, Qclinics.com is creating a disruptive and game changing solution. It will solve the biggest challenge of walk-in clinics and simplify access to healthcare. Current systems have no intelligence and are not capable of replanning / revising (without human intervention) schedules in real time.	http://www.qclinics.com/patients_en.html	Founded in 2017			
381	QEData	QEData is a Toronto-based startup specializing in predictive analytics and machine learning solutions. Our goal is to solve your key strategic challenges, one at a time, using your internal data to derive actionable insights and apply them in transforming your internal and client-facing digital experiences. From driving deeper segmentation to enhancing user experiences, finding revenue opportunities to uncovering the future – our commitment is to help you navigate your organization through the new paradigm of creative disruption. We believe that analytics should be simple to use, and insights should be easy to consume, and hence put extra effort into creating visually rich and inspiring digital experiences.	http://qedata.io	Founded in 2016			
382	QGS Technologies	Rethinking how the investing public is aware of geopolitical risks to their portfolio, lots of it to affect everyone more often. Useful relevant information, on a timely, predictive basis.	http://qgs.io	 			
383	Qoints	"Qoints is a collaborative repository for digital marketing data; it allows marketers to monitor the success of their campaigns against their competition in real time and gain actionable intelligence from the data they collect. The insights and predictions Qoints generates are used by brand marketers (and their agencies) to justify tactical decisions before, during and after a campaign and get maximum ROI from a marketing budget. Using a democratized approach to performance benchmarking and data warehousing, Qoints delivers a simple, data-driven solution that provides digital marketers with the competitive intelligence they need to create the most effective promotions for their target audiences."	http://www.qoints.com/	Founded in 2013			
384	Quizzio	Quizzio is a Montreal-based startup using Machine Learning algorithms to predict how kids will answer general knowledge quizzes and adapt questions to enhance the learning and playing experience. Our mission is to propose an iPad game targeting kids 7+ years old that they truly enjoy playing while they learn and get exposed to geography, history, technology, architecture, sports, movies, etc. Quizzio is a native IOS game where the player navigates through maps by completing series of quizzes. Using a crowd sourced approach (curated by Quizzio), the content available in the game keeps growing and allow the player to get specific on a set of topics or broaden his knowledge by exploring new topics. Through proprietary algorithms (federal IRAP funding) we are able to pick content that is appropriate even if the player picks categories he has never explored before. As the player plays the game, we build his knowledge matrix.	http://www.quizz.io	Founded in 2016	Technologie éducative	QC	Montréal
385	R/ally	Provider of machine learning human capital search services. The company's platform match a user's needs to another user's skill sets, improving productivity and also senior management with a graphical representation of the quantity and quality of skills, experience and knowledge across the enterprise.	http://rallyyourgoals.com/	Founded in 2013			
386	Rare (Email Marketing)	Operator of an e-commerce marketing automation platform designed to send personalized emails to customers. The company's automated marketing platform uses algorithms and observed online behaviors to target customers with product recommendations through an email service enabling companies to individualize the content and delivery time for every single one of their customers.	https://rare.io/	Founded in 2014			
387	Rave Inc.	Rave combines the most popular mobile activities: watching videos, text messaging, and talking over VoIP. It’s the world’s first multimedia messenger app that allows users to watch their favourite videos in prefect sync while simultaneously socializing with friends in real time.</p>	https://rave.io/	 			
388	receptiviti.ai	Receptiviti enables bot makers and AI technologists to empower their platforms with emotional intelligence so they can discriminate between their users’ feelings, emotions and thinking styles, and use these insights to guide actions, communication styles and build stronger relationships and user dependencies.	http://www.receptiviti.ai/	Founded in 2016			
389	reDock	AI that builds winning proposals.<br></p>	www.redock.com	 			
390	Repustate	Text Analytics API for the Enterprise	https://www.repustate.com/	Founded in 2008			
391	Responsive.AI	"Online wealth manager &amp; platform using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enhance client understanding and investment decisions."	http://www.responsive.ai	Founded in 2015			
392	Resson	Resson Aerospace is a bioinformatics and data analytics company, delivering customized agriculture solutions for large corporate clients. Utilizing recent advances in large-scale cloud-based data processing, swarm robotics, and advanced data analytics, its proprietary Resson Agricultural Management and Analytics System gives the agricultural operator analytical insight and dynamic control over the farm area. Resson Aerospace’s Resson Agricultural Management and Analytics System, data-driven agriculture solution, analyzes crop metrics to assess crop status and health, providing operators with the information required to optimize agricultural operations, improve efficiency, boost yields, and maximize profitability.	http://resson.com/	Founded in 2013			
393	Robian	"Robian takes the mystery out of A.I. by allowing anyone with a basic understanding of spreadsheet formulas, to easily design and execute a fully automatic trading strategy – programmers and PhD’s need not apply. After winning 4 Canadian SR&amp;ED grants (Scientific Research &amp; Experimental Development) - with patent applications now underway - we provide effortless A.I. design, with no structured coding. Robian will benefit large brokers, boutique trading houses, individual traders and even robo-advisors. Scaled in the cloud, it can manage thousands of portfolios at once, complete with prospecting and personalized management: finding and adjusting entries, exits and risk with automatic course correction - in real time."	https://youtu.be/qMig_RtdN3A	Founded in 2016			
394	robotiq	At Robotiq, we free human hands from repetitive tasks. We help manufacturers overcome their workforce challenges by enabling them to install robots on their own. They succeed with our robotic plug + play tools and the support of our automation experts community. Robotiq is the humans behind the robots: an employee-owned business with a passionate team and an international partner network.	http://robotiq.com/	Founded in 2008	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Québec
395	RoofAI	Roof Ai is a messaging platform that enables smart and instant communication between real estate businesses and their customers.	https://roof.ai/	Founded in 2016	Agent conversationnel	QC	Montréal
396	ROSS Intelligence	Developer and provider of a digital legal research platform. The company offers a platform that utlizes natural language processing technology to answer legal queries.	http://www.rossintelligence.com/	Founded in 2014			
397	RSVP Technologies	RSVP has developed “Natural Language Processing” (NLP) and “Question Answering” technologies specifically for mobile devices. NLP is based on a database of 200 million existing questions and answers to quickly translate in Chinese and English. The funding will help RSVP further develop and customize its current product to meet the specific needs of customers in China and to attract new business through marketing and distribution strategies targeting the Chinese market.	http://www.rsvptech.ca/	Founded in 2013			
398	Rubikloud	Empowering Retailers with Data-Driven Decisions.</p>	https://rubikloud.com/	 			
399	Rubikloud Technologies	Developer of retail intelligence platforms designed to empower retailers to leverage machine learning and big data systems in meaningful ways. The company's retail intelligence platforms gathers retailer data from online and offline consumer behaviors enabling retailers to gain insight into preferences ranging from product affinity and price sensitivity, to response prediction and demand forecasts.	https://rubikloud.com/	Founded in 2013			
400	rueview	RueView is a turn key traffic forecast platform which intuitively integrates weather and congestion data, using the sophistication of machine learning, to make traffic simple. By targeting our simple traffic forecast metrics at companies, developers, and policymakers, RueView aims to have maximal impact on reducing congestion. Groups that would benefit from integrating traffic congestion forecasts into their products, at a cost cheaper than putting the problem to a data science department.	http://rueview.io	 			
401	Rumble	Open video platform with rights management technology using a machine learning DRM algorithm.</p>	https://rumble.com/	 			
402	Rumble Inc.	An open video platform for publishers and creators.	https://rumble.com	Founded in 2013			
403	S3r3nity	"LUMINARY - Hand-free real-time access to practical knowledge ; UBIK - Intelligent collective corporate memory ; DEEP NEGOTIATION - Deeplearning for automated e-commerce negotiation ; AI FOR SMART CITIES - Automated Dynamic Smart City ; AI4REAL - Human Behaviour Replicator ; TERRAFARMING - Ecosystem Regenerator ; GENTLEDROID - Automated High Value Information Handling ; ;WORK FREEDOM - Marketplace of Automated Tasks and Expertise ; PREZURE - Action/Decision Based Predictive System ; UNEXPLORED TERRITORIES - Autonomous Territory Exploration"	http://www.s3r3nity.com	 	Chaîne de blocs	QC	Montréal
404	Safe Lagoon	Safe Lagoonâ€™s cloud AI engine and app provide a safer smartphone experience for children and peace of mind for their parents	https://safelagoon.com	Founded in 2015			
405	Sage Senses	Powerful embedded machine learning software for ordinary microcontroller chips that semantically interprets output of variety of sensors (eg. audio, motion, vision, biological, chemical) in consumer and industrial IoT devices for benefit of 3rd party developers.	 	 			
406	SalesChoice	SalesChoice is a SaaS-based predictive and prescriptive analytics company that increases the performance of business-to-business sales.	http://www.saleschoice.com	Founded in 2012			
407	SalesChoice	"SalesChoice is a SaaS Predictive &amp; Prescriptive analytics company that increases the performance of B2B sales. We make the world of sales smarter by analyzing Salesforce CRM data and external data sources fed into SalesChoice's predictive analytic insight engine. We specialize in sales prioritization, sales forecasting, predictive pricing, and propensity to purchase scoring, using machine learning methods. Our market entry is on the SalesForce.com App Exchange."	http://www.saleschoice.com/	Founded in 2012			
408	ScopeAR	Provider of augmented reality training services. The company's platform WorkLink enables organizations to turn instructions, processes, training, and more into highly interactive and animated content with AR. It is also operating a remote assistance platform, dubbed Remote AR. With that platform, a technician can use a smartphone to show a camera view of an object that needs repair and send that video to another expert.	http://www.scopear.com/	Founded in 2010			
409	ScopeMedia	ScopeMedia built and advanced video and image recognition artificial intelligence platform for image data visualization and applications	http://www.scopemedia.com	Founded in 2013			
410	Seamless Planet	At Seamless Planet our mission is to provide a simple and effective solution for individuals who want access to experiences anywhere in the world. We've accumulated a vast inventory of activities, things to do and unique experiences to offer to travelers. When searching for the perfect experience for the traveler, we use a mix of artificial intelligence and the human touch to personalize the best activity that fits the travelers needs and wants.	http://www.seamlessplanet.com	Founded in 2014	Application mobile	QC	Montréal
411	Seevibes	Audience intelligence to support performance marketing across devices and advertising networks.	http://www.seevibes.com/fr/	 			
412	Semantile	Semantic Relevance Engine	http://www.semantile.com/	 			
413	SensAura	Sensaura is a real-time biosignal emotion recognition platform.	http://sensauratech.com	Founded in 2014			
414	SenseAI Technologies	Industrial energy-saving through IOT and AI. <br></p>	http://www.senseai.com	Founded in 2017	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
415	Senso.ai	Senso is developing the broker of the future to help mortgage lenders and brokerages acquire, onboard, and retain profitable customers with actionable data-driven insights.	http://www.senso.ai	Founded in 2017			
416	SepticSitter	 	https://septicsitter.com/	 			
417	SettleUp	"We use automation and machine learning to profile customers, allowing us to more effectively engage that debtor at a time, place and through a method (email, SMS, ""my account"", live chat, mail and telephone) that best suits them. A beautiful UX with a tailored experience for each debtor (and Creditor), giving them a transparent view of the process and negotiating with them in real time to reach the best solution for everyone. In-depth Dashboard for creditors to view realtime information about their portfolio and the ability to adjust the recovery process to align with their company brand and values. A rules based engine to ensure 100% compliance in every interaction."	http://settleup.co	Founded in 2016			
418	SHM Controls	Developer of the SHM Controller - a smart touch-screen device that employs a predictive-adaptive algorithm to control boilers, pumps and hot-water tanks in buildings. Using a mesh network of IIoT wireless sensors, it generates natural gas savings of 30% on average thus reducing operating costs. Owners and managers have complete remote control over their heating and hot-water system using smartphones, tablets or laptops, and can also receive emergency alerts via text/email, at times even hours before they occur	http://www.shmcontrols.com/	 			
419	Shoelace Technologies	Provider of an artificial intelligence powered virtual assistant tool created for e-commerce re-targeting. The company's virtual assistant helps e-commerce merchants launch re-targeting campaigns on social media enabling them to recapture visitors who abandon their website and increase sales.	http://shoelace.com/	Founded in 2015			
420	SidekickPS	Sidekick is a global IT social marketplace that brings consumers and enterprises together with XaaS companies and their local consultants, experts, and integrators. The service provides deep dive learning content, real-time solution information updates, and suggestive advice so businesses and employees can make more informed, purposeful and valued decisions in their IT purchases.	http://sidekickps.com	Founded in 2016			
421	Sightline Innovation Inc.	Sightline Innovation is redefining computing with the most advanced machine learning platform for data analysis in real time.	http://www.sightlineinnovation.com/	Founded in 2012			
422	Sign.fm	 	http://www.signl.fm/hello/	 			
423	Silentale	Silentale Cloud enables unified customer behavior models for each individual based on their cross-channel activity. Using these profiles, Silentale Cloud enables marketing tools to adaptively profile customers allowing organizations to deliver personalized experiences.	http://silentale.com	Founded in 2008	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
424	Singolar	Provider of an artificial intelligence and data analytics platform. The company offers objective, predictive and prescriptive machine learning data based analysis for business problems and customer management.	http://www.singolar.com/	Founded in 2015			
425	Sitata	Sitata offers an application that enables travelers to find safety information about locations.Sitata enables its users to connect with other users to find information about places. The application enables its users to find information about healthcare services and emergency numbers. It also provides real-time notifications about weather, outbreaks, protests, and more. It also enables organizations to obtain information and provide secure and healthy conditions for their employees. By using the application the healthcare service providers are able to promote their services to travelers.	http://www.sitata.com	Founded in 2012			
426	SKYNET.ME.UK	 	http://www.SKYNET.ME.UK/	Founded in 2015			
427	Smartforce Software	Aidu by Smartforce Software is currently being validated by our key partners in our early adopter program. Aidu helps reduce the time to proficiency for your new employees. Aidu can also align your best practices among existing employees. Aidu dramatically reduces training costs and improves human service skills by invoking your best practices through artificial intelligence.	http://www.smartforce.io	Founded in 2012			
428	Smooch	Smooch is the best way to have personal, rich conversations with your customers online or in your mobile app. We handle thousands of communication for successful startups and leading companies around the world, every year. Our features, integrations and developer-friendly APIs let our users focus on delivering the best possible service.	https://smooch.io/	Founded in 2015	Agent conversationnel	QC	Montréal
429	SnapTravel	SnapTravel is the fastest and easier way to book a hotel room. There is no app to download. Reach us over SMS, Facebook Messenger, and Slack. Simply message us your travel city, dates, budget and let us do all the hard work to find you the perfect hotel room for your stay. We scour hundreds of sources - you will not find a better price anywhere else.	http://www.getsnaptravel.com	Founded in 2016			
430	Sonn Beverage Systems	Sonn Beverage Systems is producing an innovative and patent-protected system that uses sonochemistry to enhance beverages. Leveraging our base technology, Sonn Beverage Systems applies voice AI to bring a degree of personalization and control to the creation of coffees, teas, and alcoholic beverages. While comparable in time to pod machines, our system is more efficient and produces only green waste (either compostable or recyclable) while delivering a superior end product.	http://sonnbevsys.com/	Founded in 2016			
431	Sortable	Sortable's ad technology works intelligently behind the scenes to optimize your ad impressions so you can focus on creating great content	http://sortable.com/	Founded in 2014			
432	SpecterAI	Our first product will be our restaurant management system, followed by our hotel and resort system. Both systems are a part of our hospitality program. Our technology will benefit our clients in ways never before imagined by harnessing the power of AI to effectively manage an entire franchise with full autonomy.	http://www.specterai.com	 			
433	spender.ai	Spender is a revolutionary Artificial Intelligence based mobile Personal Financial Assistant that tracks and PREDICTS your spending behavior, savings, bills and debt in real time. Our patent-pending AI based algorithms warn a user BEFORE they overspend, hence keeping them on track towards their financial goals. Considering the current 160%+ debt-to-disposable income ratio, overspending by consumers is a MASSIVE pain point, and will get even more painful in years to come. Additionally, our product roadmap envisions friction reduction by utilizing narrow AI based voice I/O so it can listen to your voice commands and respond appropriately with contextual responses. Utilizing AI and machine learning in all its forms to reduce friction and enhance user experience is central to our design philosophy, along with social virality which has been baked-in from inception.	http://www.spender.ai	Founded in 2017			
434	Sphere Play	Complete platform to enable broadcasters, publishers and commercial content distributors to integrate virtual reality to their existing media distribution workflow via their own apps and websites.	http://www.sphereplay.com/	 	Vidéo 3D / Réalité virtuelle/augmentée	QC	Montréal
435	SPILL AD	 	http://spillad.com/	 	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
436	SpongeWise	machine learning to help you learn	http://www.spongewise.com	Founded in 2015			
437	SPORTLOGiQ	Provider of analytics data for professional hockey teams. The company's platform helps in analyzing player movement and provide context to game analysis by using player tracking and activity recognition.	http://sportlogiq.com/	Founded in 2014	Analytiques	QC	Montréal
438	Sqirl Capital	Sqirl Capital gives enterprise lenders the ability to accept, assess and issue loans entirely online	http://www.sqirl.ca	Founded in 2015			
439	StackAdapt	We believe that demanding more levers to pull is no longer solving marketers' challenges. In other words, adding complexity is not the answer. Instead, we believe the future of technology lays in automation and the convergence of machine and human intelligence.	http://www.StackAdapt.com	Founded in 2016			
440	Stamp Content	Structura builds advanced high-performance algorithms using modern machine learning to push forward the state of the art in 3D atomic structure discovery of biomolecules including proteins, complexes, and viruses. We work closely with the global cryo-EM academic community and multinational pharmaceutical companies.	http://www.stampcontent.com	Founded in 2016			
441	statflo	"Statflo aims to improve wireless customer service by using carrier and POS data processing tools. The company offers smart lists, which processes customer records to automatically start conversations between customers and employees; a CRM optimized for the retail front line; and on-demand report generation tools."	http://www.statflo.com/	Founded in 2012			
442	Steamsharp Technology	Steamsharp is a sports analytics company that provides an automated API for all-play oddsmaking data.	http://www.steamsharp.com/	Founded in 2011			
443	Stoovo	A.I. Powered Financial Assistant	http://www.stoovo.ai	Founded in 2016			
444	Stradigi AI	Stradigi AI is a leading AI powered solutions provider, backed by an applied research lab committed to bringing excellence & smarter results to international businesses.</p>	https://www.stradigi.ai	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
445	Stratuscent	Sensing Dynamics is a start-up from Montreal, Canada that is developing CloudSense, an electronic nose platform. CloudSense is a ubiquitous chemical sensing platform technology that can quantify and identify chemical footprints that are omnipresent in our environment. This ability to sense chemical fingerprints in a smart environment can provide context to the decision making process in smart devices.	http://www.stratuscent.com	Founded in 2014	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Montréal
446	Strawhouse	We blend financial resources, creative strategy and machine learning to launch and scale billion dollar consumer brands	http://strawhouse.com	Founded in 2013			
447	Structura Biotechnology	Developer of machine-learning algorithms for drug testing. The company develops machine-learning algorithms to help researchers study and reconstruct 3D atomic structures of proteins, bio-molecule complexes, viruses and similar components in drugs.	https://structura.bio/	Founded in 2016			
448	Suede Lane	Suede Lane is redefining how we discover and buy original design. We use human and artificial intelligence to curate and sell unique goods from emerging artists and designers worldwide. We do this through an interface that enables people to cultivate their taste without needing to know any art/design industry jargon.	http://suedelane.com/	Founded in 2011			
449	SweetIQ	"Consumers search the Internet for locally available products &amp; services. They rely on accurate business information, positive reviews &amp; engaging social interactions to make purchasing decisions. sweetiQ is a unified local search marketing SaaS for retail chains &amp; marketing agencies to increase their online presence, publish &amp; correct business information across the web, manage consumer reviews &amp; engage prospects on social channels to drive in-store foot traffic &amp; increase sales."	https://sweetiq.com/	Founded in 2010	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
450	Swipe Identity	Provider of a SaaS security platform. The company helps users to authenticate data in a two-factor technology and exchange data in an easy manner.	http://www.swipeidentity.com/	Founded in 2013			
451	Sym.ai	Sym.ai is a custom built platform and management system for the creation of industry specific bots. The first AI is called Airbots.io, an automated property management bot for investment properties. Other vertically focused bots will be rolled out in the coming months.	https://Sym.ai	 			
452	Symend	Provider of debt data recovery platform. The company's debt data recovery platform combines automation and predictive analytics to improve productivity and effectiveness of the recovery processes.	http://symend.com/	Founded in 2016			
453	synaptive medical	Synaptive Medical has dedicated more than 50 engineers and scientists specifically to the development of neurosurgical technologies. The result? Our BrightMatter™ Neurosurgery Products provide advanced tools and information for surgeons and hospitals to focus on patient outcomes. Synaptive Medical collaborates with top neurosurgeons, radiologists, and healthcare facilities to innovate and integrate these technologies in a way that is cost effective, clinically relevant, and aims to improve patient care. From informatics to automated surgical positioning systems and imaging, Synaptive Medical provides you with the tools needed to focus on what matters.	http://synaptivemedical.com/	Founded in 2012			
454	Synervoz Communications	Provider of an on-voice chat platform designed to offer intelligent noise cancelling. The company's mobile application turnmeup, helps people to talk while listening to music, as well as uses VoIP-over technology to enable spontaneous voice chat, enabling consumers to automate voice detection, speaker identification, voice commands, gestures, physical buttons and other controls.	http://www.synervoz.com/	Founded in 2014			
455	Syngli	Syngli is an early stage educational technology startup that develops an online platform for teaching and learning efficiency.	http://syngli.com/	Founded in 2014			
456	Systelos	platform that automates and improves ahow wealth is managed to free advisors and their clients to do what they love	http://mysystelos.com	Founded in 2017			
457	Tabnex	integrated intelligence for every stage of your recruitement workflow	http://tabnex.com	Founded in 2016			
458	TalentAccurate	"A technical advisor on IT Recruitment for Startups to find the best matching talents with 90% accuracy, saving 30% money &amp; 40% time."	http://www.alpha.talentaccurate.com/static/#!/	Founded in 2017			
459	Talentful	Provider of an online platform for recruitment assistance. The company's online recruitment platform helps employers to hire candidates who match professional skill requirements by tracking data from their social accounts, public sites and area of interests.	http://www.talentful.io	Founded in 2015			
460	TalentSnap	We are creating a talent marketplace that will change the way companies see recruiting	http://synapseint.com	Founded in 2013			
461	Talera	 	http://talera.io	Founded in 2017			
462	Tanka Technologies	Tanka helps proactively protect green space, industrial assets, and populations by detecting fires and alerting response teams much faster, in the critical window after ignition but before a fire is fully developed.	https://www.tanka.com/	 			
463	TapWealth	TapWealth is an automated assistant aimed at helping us become better savers and reaching our financial dreams. It connects to a customer's bank account and learns their spending and income patterns and behaviors. Customers then create their short-term savings goals, anything from a new pair of headphones to a trip to Thailand. TapWealth then figures out how much it can safely set aside without affecting the customer's day-to-day expenses. Whenever a customer wants their money back, they simply send TapWealth a message with the amount they would like to withdraw.	http://tapwealth.com	Founded in 2017			
464	tealbook	"Peer driven supplier intelligence, discovery and identification; increasing scale and speed of procurement teams."	https://tealbook.com/	Founded in 2014			
465	Techinnov	Established in Montreal, Canada. Software Engineering Consulting Group is a consulting company composed by software engineers, developers, computer scientists and subject matter experts in information technology. We provide large-scale software solutions for various companies. Our expertise and passion is a mixture of ongoing life-long learning in our domain, combined with extensive work experience. Our professionals work for prestigious world-renowned corporations in different industry fields such as aviation, business solutions and entertainment which gives our team its famous heterogeneous background. In addition to our business, as part of our comittment for a better and smarter planet we participate in various research projects, which gives us the opportunity to stay in the frontline of new technology.	http://techinnov.ca	 	Services (consultation, R&D)	QC	Montréal
466	TechNick.Ro	our product is an autonomous lawn mower. it helps the customer landscape their yard. The customer is Governments, counties , municipalities, framers, anyone who has a sizeable yard, that need to cut costs and increase revenue.	 	 			
467	Tenstorrent	Tenstorrent is building a new processor engineered to power machine learning and smart hardware.	http://tenstorrent.com	Founded in 2016			
468	Terrene	Load any data from any datasources and run predictive analytics on it.	http://terrene.co	Founded in 2015			
469	Thalmic Labs	Thalmic Labs is pioneering new ways of interacting with digital devices. With a mission to merge people and technology, the company is revolutionizing how they will interact with technology in the future. Its first product, the Myo™ armband, measures electrical activity in muscles to wirelessly control computers, phones, and other digital technologies.	https://www.thalmic.com/	Founded in 2012			
470	the bauhub	The Bauhub is a global collective of senior creative minds. With over 2200 years of experience our members work in all areas of advertising, marketing communications and programming.	https://www.thebauhub.com/	Founded in 2008			
471	The Writing Project	The Writing Project is a smart and inclusive writing + publishing platform for students and educators.	http://thewritingproject.com/login	Founded in 2012			
472	ThinkCX	Provider of a machine learning platform to monitor the predictive insights of customers. The company has developed technology that uses social intelligence to help companies to optimize the value of subscription-based or recurring-billing customers. It also provides their clients with a machine-learning analytics services that helps them to mitigate the losses caused by customer churn.	http://www.thinkcx.com/	Founded in 2012			
473	ThinkData Works	Provider of a data aggregation platform designed to access high value data in standard usable formats. The company's data aggregation platform aggregates public data and information from all levels of government and other sources, enabling developers, businesses and citizens to solve civic problems and create new business opportunities.	http://thinkdataworks.com/	Founded in 2014			
474	ThinkSquare	ThinkSquare is an AI-based career matching and optimized job search platform that provides a curated list of jobs personalized to individual skills, experience, and preferences.	http://www.thinksquare.io/	Founded in 2015			
475	Thirdshelf	"Developer of loyalty marketing SaaS for independent retail merchants. The company helps merchants retain and maximize the lifetime value of their customers, using machine learning to convert item-level purchasing data into customer insights that trigger personalized offers and recommendations to drive repeat purchases. The company has partnered with some of the largest point-of-sale vendors for our market segment; including Lightspeed, Vend and Springboard Retail."	https://www.thirdshelf.com/	Founded in 2014	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Montréal
476	TiiiP	"At TiiiP we use AI to help doctors, researchers and health organizations leverage large scale patient data to improve the care of underserved patients. We are building a virtual ""social worker"", similar to Siri, that helps doctors divert the care of patients to community care providers and reduce the strain on hospitals and other doctors, and as a result, saving billions in health care costs."	http://tiiipapp.com	Founded in 2016			
477	Time is Life	Time Is Life is a FinTech company specialized in data processing and data analysis in the area of GRC (Governance, Risk, Compliance).	http://www.timeislife.com	Founded in 2011	Analytiques	QC	Montréal
478	Tizamo	Patented, Full-stack machine intelligence with streaming big data analytics and domain specific data connectors. Used to predict network failures before subscriber impact. Used to provide geo-specific offers to targeted customers impacted by network quality. Used to automate network operations and reduce OPEX	http://www.tizamo.com	 			
479	TrackMyStack.com	"Medical adherence is a $200billion+ problem in the US alone. We combine the benefits of existing companies such as PatientsLikeMe (health network), MediSafe (Adherence App), with CureTogether (crowd-sourced data). Our platform helps those with health goals or health conditions log symptoms, learn about what treatment works and what doesn't, we keep stacks (or careplans) open by nature so users can find other patients like them and browse their efficacy, we also generate reports based on this data that can be used by patients and the medical community. Lastly, we bring together AI to determine triggers that cause flare ups and AI to determine when a caregiver needs to be alerted regarding the user's health. We are in trials with some clinics and r&amp;d firms to determine if our product is effective."	https://trackmystack.com	Founded in 2015			
480	TripElephant Inc.	Machine Learning Marketing Technology and Travel Planning	http://tripelephant.com/	Founded in 2014			
481	Triskk	Triskk is a language learning web application that emphasizes speaking from day one through: (i) a machine learning algorithm that helps users find suitable language partners to practice your conversational skills for free, and (ii) one-on-one paid lessons with teachers.	http://www.triskk.com	Founded in 2017			
482	Trulioo	Based in Canada, Trulioo is a global identity verification company that offers instant electronic identity and address verification for its users. The company provides advanced analytics based on traditional information such as public records, credit files, and government data as well as alternative sources, including social login providers, ad networks, mobile applications, e-commerce websites, and social networks. It scores online identities as authentic, machine generated, or fraudulent with its identity bureau covering over 40 countries, including China, Russia, and Brazil. Trulioo was founded in 2011.	https://www.trulioo.com	 			
483	Two Hat security	Provider of a data classifier and moderation toolkit. The company provides a data classifier and moderation toolkit, which uses artificial intelligence to tackle cyberbullying, harassment and abuse in online communities.	https://www.twohat.com/	Founded in 2012			
484	Two Tall Totems	Two Tall Totems is a premium mobile application development team based out of Vancouver Canada experienced in iPhone iPad Android and HTML5.	http://www.twotalltotems.com	Founded in 2010			
485	Tylio	The affordable solution to increase brand visibility	https://www.tylio.com/	Founded in 2015	Marketing / Médias sociaux	QC	Saint-Lambert
486	ucic	UCIC allows you to ask users all over the world for a photo or video of current events, weather or anything that they see around them. See anywhere in real-time!	http://ucic.vc/	Founded in 2014			
487	umanx	entreprise en démarrage spécialisée en robotique	https://umanx.com/	Founded in 2014	Robotique / Drone / Internet des objets	QC	Québec
488	Unata	Unata powers the future of 1-to-1 omni-commerce for retailers, interconnecting all digital touchpoints including circulars, ecommerce, loyalty programs and beacons through an omni-channel experience that links web, mobile, email and more.	http://www.unata.com	Founded in 2009			
489	UrbanLogiq	Provider of a cloud-based urban data analytics platform intended to make city planning faster, cheaper and more accurate. The company's urban data analytics platform permits tracking and visualization of business data, gathering of actionable intelligence and early warning indicators, analysis of business changes and economic development as well as tracking of transportation and traffic data, enabling governments to simplify workflow, identify opportunities and risks and increase efficiency of processes.	https://www.urbanlogiq.com	Founded in 2016			
490	Usful	Usful is a technology product company that creates solutions to 1) contribute to the energy crisis, 2) contribute the resource crisis, 3) improve the human condition. It does this through the application of technology and artificial intelligence.	http://www.usful.co/	Founded in 2016			
491	Validere	Validere makes a handheld device that provides instant testing of liquid products to large industries	http://validere.com/	Founded in 2014			
492	Vantage Analytics	Developer of a data analytics platform. The company develops a business intelligence platform that turns customer data into business insights and helps both e-commerce and brick and mortar stores to boost sales and attract repeat customers.	http://gotvantage.com/	Founded in 2013			
493	Vention	Provider of a browser-based 3D machine builder platform that is suited for the design of fixed and automated equipment in the fields of small business automation, lean manufacturing, product validation and research, and industrial design. The company's browser-based 3D machine builder platform consists of a library of structural, motion and control components, a free cloud-based 3D Machine Builder, artificial intelligence-enabled 3D constraints, enabling designers to design and order their custom industrial equipment in a few days.	https://www.vention.io/	Founded in 2015	Autres	QC	Montréal
494	Verafin	Verafin provides compliance, anti-money laundering, and fraud detection software.	http://www.verafin.com	Founded in 2003			
495	Veri (Social App)	Developer of a celebrity interaction platform. The company's platform enables users to connect with social celebrities and allows digital influencers to interact with fans through paid bookings.	http://veriapp.co/	 			
496	Vertical(Electronic Equipment)	Provider of robotic motion control platforms for cinematic cameras designed to capture aerial shots. The company's robotic motion control platform offers computer vision guided robotics technology that can integrate with any drone and turn it into filming tools for film-makers and journalists, enabling budding photographers and videographers to capture aerial shots.	http://www.vertical.ai/	Founded in 2014			
497	Verve.ai	Augmented Intelligence Automation for Customer Centric Companies.</p>	http://verve.ai/	 			
498	Vhrtech.ai	We are dedicated to create virtual assistants using Artificial Intelligence, machine and deep learning.	http://www.vhrtech.ai	 	Agent conversationnel	QC	Montréal
499	Viafoura	Provider of an audience development platform. The company develops software that allows media brands to grow their audience through engagement, analytics, and consumer experience management tools.	https://viafoura.com/	Founded in 2012			
500	VisBrain	Powered by data science and machine learning technology, we focus on culture, building consistency from top to bottom, to unleash the power and energy of every individual in your organization.	http://visbrain.com	Founded in 2016			
501	Visier	Developer of a people strategy platform designed to transform business analytics. The company's people strategy platform lets leaders to get access to meaningful answers to business questions in real time, from the cloud, with no dependency on technical resources, enabling businesses to shape business strategy and take better action.	https://www.visier.com/	Founded in 2010			
502	visr	Parenting has never been tougher, but they’re here to help. They support parents by analyzing millions of social media interactions, to identify, alert and provide insight of issues ranging from bullying to mental health concerns.	http://visr.co	Founded in 2015			
503	VIV Life Group	VIV Life is a smartphone application that enables individuals to discover and enjoy restaurants and bars in their localities. Its users can share invites to these places with their loved ones, get connected to maps, and find Ubers.	http://LiveVIV.com	Founded in 2014			
504	VoPay International Inc.	VoPay is a personalised marketplace for currency exchange which directly connects the supply and demand for currency.	https://vopay.com	Founded in 2014			
505	Walter	We're building a platform on which a tech company can manage all money related tasks in one place. A typical 10 person technology company has 20+ financial services (credit card, bank accounts, etc). The name Walter comes from the financial assistant bot built into Walter that automatically completes financial tasks for users. Our team is obsessed with freeing up founders time so they can build technology that solves important problems.	http://meetwalter.co	Founded in 2016			
506	WatrHub	Provider of data and analytic services designed to deliver timely, tailored market intelligence on water and wastewater systems. The company's data and analytic services architect the market data and insights to solve world's water challenges, enabling equipment suppliers, municipalities and plant operators to track analytics from diverse data sources and strive towards water-sustainable future.	http://www.watrhub.com	Founded in 2011			
507	Webpage.ly	Webpage.ly is the world's first AI powered On-Page SEO solution. It uses advanced machine learning, natural language processing and generation to automatically optimize web pages to the best possible search terms and manages your ongoing On-Page SEO efforts for you.	http://www.webpage.ly/automated	Founded in 2015			
508	Wherego	AI solution to Trip Planning and travel data intelligence	https://wewherego.com	Founded in 2015			
509	Whirlscape	Whirlscape high-tech startup with roots in human-computer interaction (HCI) and advanced machine learning/computational linguistics.	http://minuum.com	Founded in 2012			
510	WinterLightLabs	We have created a robust processing pipeline that extracts over 400 variables from a short sample of speech, both from the acoustics of a person’s voice and the automatically generated transcript of the words being communicated. Voice acoustics include measures of pause rate, duration and type, as well as features imperceptible to humans, such as spectral coefficients related to articulator motion. Lexicosyntactic variables assess the types of words used and the complexity of sentences, while semantic measures quantify information content. Combining these features with machine learning algorithms allows us to distinguish between healthy and impaired speech patterns.	http://www.winterlightlabs.com	Founded in 2015			
511	Worthwhile PLC	We build self-sufficient, sustainable automated communities that build high-quality low-cost export wealth while we sleep.	http://csq1.org/worthwhile-ventures/	Founded in 2015			
512	Worx-Inc.	"Worx-Inc. created a Machine Learning SaaS in 2014 that enables engineering &amp; manufacturing users to be constantly connected to their projects, files, teams &amp; tasks without the need for costly and complicated systems and training."	http://www.productiiv.com	Founded in 2010			
513	Wriber	Wriber, a Canadian company, develops content creation software to help companies and PR agencies create marketing content more effectively.	http://wriber.com	Founded in 2012			
514	Wrnch	wrnch teaches game engines to see. Wrnch provides computer vision tools and middleware to help create amazing AR applications.	https://wrnch.com/	Founded in 2015	Vision par ordinateur / Affichage intelligent	QC	Montréal
515	Wysdom	Wysdom.AI offers a mature multi-channel enterprise cognitive care solution to deliver fast, effective and personalized answers to customer questions.</p>	http://www.www.wysdom.ai	Founded in 2014			
516	Xanadu	Xanadu's ultimate goal is to provide quantum on demand to enable significant computational improvements over the best classical methods to solve really tough real-world problems. Xanadu has amalgamated leading scientists and professionals to pair academic research with industry veterans to develop a massively scalable venture.	http://www.xanadu.ai/	Founded in 2016			
517	Xesto	Xesto is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) for gestural recognition. They take care of the analysis, storage, and distribution of gestural recognition data and algorithms while increasing accuracy and decreasing latency. No math, no hassle. Just click, record, and write 3 lines of code.	http://www.xesto.io	Founded in 2014			
518	Xtract Technologies	Developer of machine learning technologies for business application. Xtract Technologies is developing next generation deep learning technology with 8 PhDs. The company is operating in stealth mode.	https://www.xtract.ai/	Founded in 2016			
519	Yactraq Online	Provider of an audio mining and speech analytics platform. The company offers industry specific services that translates audio, video, and text streams into relational data that provides insights and results.	http://www.yactraq.com	Founded in 2010			
520	YouLoox	YouLoox is scientific research and development center of innovative hardware, software, electronics and business processes	https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/10040742/	Founded in 2014			
521	Youneeq	Provider of a predictive analytics platform. The company provides a platform which uses machine learning predictive algorithms to personalize content, create behavioral based persona data and demand driven publishing opportunities.	http://www.youneeq.ca	Founded in 2011	Analyse de contenu / Système de recommandation / Traitement automatique de langage naturel	QC	Montréal
522	Yugo	Yugo is a ridesharing marketplace for college students that uses machine learning and economic principles to ensure the most affordable, and user friendly ridesharing experience - every time.	https://rideyugo.com	Founded in 2017			
523	ZEITDICE	Since 2015 we have invented the ZEITDICE timelapse photography camera that makes it super easy for anybody to capture long periods of time and experience the fascinating stories that are revealed by our devices.	http://www.zeitdice.com	Founded in 2015			
524	ZenHub	Through a powerful extension, ZenHub is the only collaboration solution that integrates natively in GitHub – creating a single source of truth for the entire company. Thousands of companies like Comcast, Microsoft, Adobe, and NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab use ZenHub to focus on what they do best.	http://zenhub.com	Founded in 2013			
525	ZenXMed	"""OpenXMed"" will revolutionize the medical information industry by providing the first open-access, cloud-based, software platform to empower physicians to make the best diagnostic and treatment decisions for their patients. The platform will attract a captive audience of worldwide physicians through rich content created by physician thought-leaders, and through an excellent UX experience. The platform will incorporate machine learning tools in its algorithms."	http://www.ZenXMed.com	Founded in 2016			
526	Zighra	Zighra, a mobile security company recognized by the Canadian digital media network as one of the top three Globalizer's for 2013, provides effortless, automatic, and instantaneous user recognition by adding an invisible security layer to mobile authentication.	http://www.zighra.com	Founded in 2009			
527	Zoom.ai	Zoom.ai grew out of the need to minimize distractions at work from menial tasks that limit productivity. Ava Zoom is an automated virtual assistant that helps customers offload menial tasks, such as meeting scheduling, meeting preparedness, introductions, and travel logistics.	http://www.zoom.ai	Founded in 2016			
